what's up everybody and welcome to the W
show we've got a great show lined up for
you this week but it is it is a sad day
yeah today we found out that unon te has
been shut down and uh I don't know I
think it'd be kind of fun to well we'll
do a quick rundown of exactly you know
what went down uh there's been some
commentary from Dr Ian Kress who
formerly worked there um and I think
it'd be kind of cool for us to you know
all kind of talk together about what
that site meant to us and how it's
impacted our our journey in Tech cuz it
really for those of you who are
relatively new to the scene it really
was a big deal back in the day uh not so
much these days and uh I guess that's
why it's dead um in other news the
telegram CEO was arrested in France this
blew my mind absolutely blew my mind
we'll be talking about that what else we
got
uh we've got a fake person a well-known
activist that might apparently not even
be real so that's might seems like seems
like some pretty hedged wording here
almost certainly not real it it looks
bad speaking of hedged wording a new
version of winds uh unlocks crazy ryzen
performance boost nice yeah maybe they
should have oh wait there's a blurb oh I
guess I do it after the intro
[Music]
the show is brought to you by MSI ant
lion audio pulseway our chair partner
secret lab and our new laptop partner
LG always love me some LGS and now luk
and I each have one they sent over these
new gram Pros for us to use and we
finally have matching laptops they're
thin they're super light especially for
being 17in and they're packed with some
pretty darn good specs too you can learn
more about them at the link in the video
description yep we got some Mexican G's
right
here
LG's oh by the way I guess this is the
part where I should probably do a
framework uh sponsor closure oh hey look
look
LG the amount of conversations people
have had about the laptops that we've
used over the years when they when they
when they weren't sponsoring the uh the
placement they can deal with this one
being a little awkward to start don't
worry I'll do a really professional job
the next
time okay why don't we jump right into
our headline topic today a non Tech has
shut down they've announced that the
company will seize public application
after 27 years 27 years pretty crazy I'm
feeling old that's a good reason to feel
old I did I didn't even think about
thought it was 27 that I started reading
a ontech when it was like pretty
established and it was 2003 or something
2002 I don't know yeah like 2002 was
probably when I started avidly reading
an on Tech um the good news there is a a
small Silver Lining here
the website will remain publicly
available and the Anon forums will
remain active or at least as active as
as they are as far as I can tell I I saw
a comment that there's no way to
register on the site right now I don't
know if that applies to The Forum but
comments under the Articles you
apparently can't register uh but people
who have accounts can still comment so
we'll see how long that that um we'll
see how long keep going Forum lasts
forums are tough It's a tough it's a
tough time to be a forum anyway the site
was founded by Anand shimpy in 1997 when
he was just 15 years old it was
purchased by perch in late 2014 when
shimpy retired from journalism to join
Apple then in 2018 it was sold alongside
other perch owned properties like Tom's
Hardware to British publisher future PLC
a former an nonch senior editor Dr Ian
catus has released a video on the
closure in which he expressed that a NCH
had been in Decline for some time it's
it's an astute observation uh we we did
need Dr cutus to come in and uh pull out
his um monoscope or and have a look at
it or you know whatever I mean that's uh
that's that's absolutely the truth
it's okay I'm going off we're going off
script now a NCH was seriously like one
of my half a dozen bookmarks in my
browser like it it for me it oh dude
lonus when when I first met lonus if he
wasn't working on a video for some
reason or working at NX or whatever and
sometimes even when he was he usually
had a ontech open yeah like literally
all the time it was it was like my home
away from home like I had my email I had
um NC and the Forum I had separate
bookmarks for each just in case I needed
to shop really really fast or go to the
Forum really really fast I had extreme
systems I had a non-tech uh I had Red
Flag deals um at some point when I was
doing a lot of trading I probably had
like my heatwear in there that was that
was that was it that was like my entire
internet World there were other sites
that I read I read hard ocp
read I would pop into Tom's Hardware
every once in a while
um there's a there's an extreme
something there this this is an
interesting one gur 3D like Guru 3D this
is an interesting one that I've been
seeing a lot of uh Phil H in chat said
I'm amazed that Tom's Hardware will have
will have outlasted a ntech as that
place has been an Adin fested
monstrosity for about a decade but it
somehow keeps going and that is how yeah
one of the things that uh Ryan Smith who
was the current um editorinchief at a NX
said was that they were they were given
the latitude to run the site the way
that they wanted I mean I'm not sure
that I entirely buy that because the
anac that I used to 10 years ago did not
have nearly as much like clickbait
garbage on it as the the current version
of the site but they might have been
trying to at least editorially I think
is what he was trying to say editorially
they were able to run the site the way
that they wanted and I guess that should
give you guys some idea of how difficult
it is to run a site that is not just
turning out AI generated or even just AI
assisted lists of products that the
writer has never actually ever set their
hands
on
um let's see what else uh in his in in
Dr Kress's opinion so I'm coming back to
her notes Here uh this was the result of
the gradual attrition of key staff
members who left as a nonex corporate
owners pushed towards more commercial
topics that they weren't interested in
writing about um I suspect it's a little
more complicated than that as well but I
mean I'm sure that he keeps in touch
with folks there from time to time uh
what few new people were coming into to
the company weren't sufficient to
replace those who left leading to a
negative feedback loop of declining
capacity in scope this then led to
declining reinvestment on the part of a
non-tax owners and lower pay for
Freelancers cutus also said that
additional layers of management made
communicating these issues upwards
increasingly difficult I can tell you as
an outsider the main issue for me was
that I just wasn't really interested in
what they were covering um and I don't
know how much of this is is topic choice
and how much of this is how challenging
the space has become like there's not
there's not as much kitchy interesting
stuff these days like I could see if I
was shopping for an AO cooler like this
is fine I guess but clearly almost no
one cared um but like what is this thing
the number of like random small form
factor computers from brands that i'
never heard of got the most comments
outside of the AMD ryen launch of
anything that I'm seeing on the front
page so far oh no you got to scroll down
a bit though like what are all these
what are all these coolers like was that
the only thing that they still had a
test bench for I mean and it's not just
recent it's been for a very very long
time that I just haven't been able to
get
into um the stuff that they've been
reviewing you can see like when there's
something interesting to write about
about they're still getting engagement
um I mean I I'd be a little more
interested in this than I think 16
comments merits it's kind of cool but it
also kind of doesn't really matter it's
a power supply and the things are on the
edge and it's G going to probably be
like kind of okayish it's probably not
going to be the best one like I guess
there's just so many there's so many
known known quantities these days um
this was this was another thing that I
had noticed with a ntech over the years
was like
enax who cares it's not 2003 anymore
enax is such a such a small player in
the Enthusiast space these days in terms
of how the how the average gamer might
perceive them they just haven't kept up
and to be clear I'm not saying enax is
not a valid brand or that enax makes a
bad product that absolutely is not what
I'm saying brand doesn't carry a lot of
clicks by its own compared to 2002 20
2003 when it was antech enax
and
irrelevant right like before ocz like
stormed onto the scene before our power
supplies were were a twinkle in burned
out sure fizzled do uh anyway and before
before power supplies were a twinkling
corsair's eye uh enax was hugely
important and it's like why are you guys
reviewing two enax power supplies in a
span of a
month so there were times when you know
I wouldn't I wouldn't accuse a non-tech
of you know pay for play um especially
because I read Ryan's article and he
said that they were left to their own
devices editorially but I would see
stuff like this what is the gecom A7
Mini PC and how could I possibly care
about this how is that how is that out
of all the bazillion things that you
could cover the thing that you want to
cover I guess it's a pretty easy
category to cover is it also like who
they have like someone likes doing those
and specializes in those so they're just
like it's freelance writing I don't know
man like this is a tough one because
like
you on the one hand you know I okay I
hear something like that and I go well
management needs to manage that person
you know they need to kind of work with
them
to develop an interest in something else
something that um that that is that is
commercially viable and in the case of a
non-tech I'm not even saying like hey
they should just do the most mainstream
stuff I mean that's never what the site
was commercially viable doesn't mean
that it has to be what uh you know what
Think Geek or Think Geek uh uh uh what
was that life hacker you know like back
in the day you know it doesn't have to
be what life hacker is doing it doesn't
have to be the most mainstream thing or
The Verge or whatever else it could be
it could be a deeper dive but it just
just it needs to be a deeper dive into
not
the
uh I don't know here I'm still I'm still
scrolling here so I'm just going to I'm
going to go back to that to that last
one that I was picking
on whatever that when I look at that
writer um Ganesh TS uh when I look at
that writer it's a lot of these types of
things so I feel like this might be a
freelancer who's just interested in
these types of things I don't know if
it's a management situation but then the
other side of it is like as as someone
who works at a place is it not
considering if the work that you're
doing is commercially viable and will
continue to keep you gainfully employed
and maybe maybe this is like
oldfashioned or something but when I was
at
NC I worried a lot about the value of
the work that I was doing like I know
you're the same way if it didn't feel
valuable um not only did I not feel
personally fulfilled by it but I was
stressed by it well yeah cuz you start
to
wonder like if if the wall start to
crumble are you the easiest thing to
drop yeah right so you you you question
the value that you're bringing you don't
have to be the most valuable member of a
team but you never want to be an obvious
place to cut yeah um and so I don't know
I just I I look at a lot of the
editorial decisions that were made in
terms of what to cover and you know what
was taking up space on the homepage and
I just it doesn't it doesn't surprise me
that readership fell P kinetic says if
you're a freelancer do you care yeah
yeah don't you like your freelance
checks you still have where do they come
from job
yeah yeah um it still
matters and it's like your portfolio
right like if my if if my portfolio and
to be clear I've I've never met um I've
met Ryan I haven't met I don't
think certainly I haven't had a long
conversation with anyone else on the
who's on the team now be super clear I'm
not saying it's uh this person's fault
yeah it's nothing it's absolutely
nothing personal but like as a
freelancer wouldn't I want my portfolio
to be something someone that I send it
to wants to read and it's it's possible
this person did and might have wanted to
do something else and they they had them
on the team as a
like Mini PC person or something and
that's just what they want yeah but then
that's a management issue I do agree so
that's what I'm saying I'm not blaming
anybody I'm just saying you know as a
team you got to kind of at some point
look at what you're doing and go hey is
this valuable is this um is this moving
the needle yeah and I you know there's a
lot to be said for you know the
Integrity of you know being interesting
and passionate about something and and
single-mindedly pursuing that regardless
of you know whether um whether your
particular art because I don't I don't
see writing a review as as a as a purely
uh scientific Endeavor I think that
there's an there's an art to making it
engaging and making it accessible and
making it interesting I I think as well
like looking at this not going to lie I
think it's just there isn't interesting
things like they're releasing so many
articles yeah the stuff's just not there
yeah and like I was okay like there was
some stuff that I was looking at um I
hate to pick on Ganesha again cuz it's
like SSD reviews like portable SSD
reviews and I'm like really but then SSD
reviews were one of the things that a
non Tech really set themselves apart
from like when I was learning how to
test ssds I read a lot of Anan Tech
articles anan's original review of the
x25 series was what ultimately drove me
to like get super into them and pay a
bunch of money to get them for myself um
which is why I made
videos is this going to be your like
this that I get I got called out for SSD
versus hard drives and like SSD buyer
guides and stuff like this like you got
called out for it yeah because back then
uh people didn't get it because they
thought that it was all about boot times
so that was why I that was why I came up
with this idea of putting together like
a bunch of practical tests to show
people that it wasn't just boot time so
I would do like application launches and
game uh game loading and stuff like that
and I did like a side by-side drag race
um because a lot of the a lot of the
marketing from the SSD makers and from
the system makers was just boot times
and I was like well that's stupid you
don't you don't boot up your computer
very often no wonder people think these
things are stupid because you got to
understand back then the price was so
high for an SSD and we were so used to
waiting around for our hard drives that
it it felt like people called me shill
they called me ignorant they called me
whatever they called me all kinds of
things for saying hey no ssds but it was
actually like a non's coverage that that
got me really interested in them and got
me really excited about
them I really think
though that there's content on here that
they're doing just
because they need something to fill the
pipeline like power supplies
there's a lot of
them they're not super interesting to
all the viewers but there's a ton of
them so they can fill the pipeline
coolers I don't think their cooler
reviews are getting a ton of traffic but
there's a ton of coolers so you can make
a lot of topics part of the issue I'm I
I haven't actually thought about a
non-tech in so long because I just
stopped reading because it got really
boring but part of the issue is that
they're still doing a really old school
style of article they're reviewing a
cooler you don't review a cooler anymore
you round up a bunch of price
comparables and they did roundups back
in the day but maybe the issue is that
they just don't have the the budget and
time for it right like we don't we don't
know all the constraints an interesting
let's just have a business meeting on
the show oh um why are we doing that
then so the idea is that so to power
supplies like are you talking power
supplies specifically um everything so
the idea right now just for because not
a lot of people go to the
website uh right now we have mice
keyboards graphics cards power
supplies so I think that we definitely
need
to figure out what our Focus needs to be
but I can tell you that the reason that
we started with power supplies was it's
supposed to be something that we can
automate to a significant
degree um I don't know how deep you want
to get into this business business
meeting um oh that oh but sure I don't
know the representations to me about the
degree to which they could be automated
have been very different from how the
situation actually is yeah so um I I
mean we haven't really talked about this
much but Luke is the interim head of the
labs right now and has been doing a deep
dive into how things are going over
there and why are we doing power
supplies Public
Service on I need something that starts
with the U undertaking oh nice okay
there's the reason I want to know I want
to know which ones are bad Luke when we
do a budget build guide I want to know
if it's going to blow up okay here's
something you can't put a price tag on
we did a video recently where okay so
but the reason sorry let me finish let
me finish we did a video recently where
we bought systems from people on
Facebook Marketplace we bought three
systems for
$900 and in one of them they used a game
max power supply now in the old days I
would have
said I've never really heard of these
guys they don't seem particularly
reputable but I have nothing to say
positive or negative from my own
personal experience about the quality of
this unit thanks to LT Labs I was able
to say the game Max products that we've
tested have failed our testing these
this is not a reputable brand that
knowledge has been now passed to the
million and a half or so people or 1.1
or 1.2 million people who watched that
video and we wouldn't have known unless
Lucas did his F work that he's doing not
me yeah yeah l oh yeah sorry Lucas
new the tall one the really yeah yeah
very tall very smart yeah super cool guy
if if Lucas hadn't done his work and I
believe Onie did the write up for that
one yep and if Sammy hadn't you know
worked on how the visualizations for
these things work if those people hadn't
done that work we wouldn't know because
who is out there testing this stuff
because it's not profitable an
onch well they weren't they didn't test
any game Max anything they just test
thermal T and enax for some reason but
here's here's okay here's a conflict of
interest problem though we're just we're
we're continuing the uh the business
about
Linus's um framework power supply
investment that's not what I meant uh
PSU linked no that's not what it's
called PSU
circuit um on all right we're on your
laptop we're on your laptop you're not
in charge of labs now are
you um there's there's been
conversations around this because this
is this is PSU circuit right um and some
of these don't get very many views and
now it has been disc that this is
supposed to be just like again a
community service thing so okay but it
has also not community service not of
neither of us has been convicted of a
crime as yet oh no you can do can you do
that without well I think the I think it
would be called volunteering I guess
yeah okay fair enough yeah I think the
connotation of community service is that
you had it coming yeah fair enough okay
uh cuz PE people have been pointing at
things like the the seic focus gx750 and
going like okay this is not the launch
so the launch one got 10K and then they
got 2K after that for a little bit and
then they started faltering Sama no one
cared thought Sonic did pretty good but
this one this one did pretty good and
then after that yep so it's going to
have to be a mix it's going to have to
be a mix of
basically it needs to be a mix of the
things people are buying but then like
and the things people shouldn't be
buying but this Sama one has gotten some
flak this is again this is internal
business meeting you guys are here as an
accessory we thank you for audience
thanks for attending yeah this is
actually really efficient because we're
able to host a video while also having a
conversation that we would have had to
have anyway yeah so this one there's a
lot of reasons to test this one one of
them is that
it's the logo and stuff makes it really
feel like it's a seic power so it's
tricking some people so by getting the
information out there making very
searchable all that type of stuff um
we're still fitting that category but
then this is getting negative Flack
because it didn't perform very well so
it's like we have to try to we're
getting oh are we're getting Flack
because we covered it no no no no no no
uh oh like internally people are
questioning why we're bothering well
with the whole Channel but also
specifically with that it's going to
have to be a mix it's going to have to
be a mix we're going but then we can't
yeah if it's if it has to be a mix then
we can't
stress the performance of the individual
videos and the performance of the
individual pages
no no what no we can't yeah yeah okay
all right I mean did I I don't remember
maybe we've had a lot of talks probably
not I don't know I think that the mix
that we've had so far has been a little
weird like the fact that almost every
power supply has been uh 750 watt yeah
that's changing yeah so like I I will
also credit that I mean it started
changing before I came in yeah yeah yeah
not that's not a me I just mean there's
definitely some stuff that we've got to
do to to optimize the mix here um there
should definitely be more you know your
Corsair your seic your your reputable
Brands um I I would like to really focus
on the stuff that people are buying like
the fact that we don't have like a
thermal T smart 430 watt in there is is
in my in my opinion and look I you know
I haven't been handholding this um I so
I I haven't necessarily given this
feedback before so my apologies is if
this is a surprise to anybody but the
fact that we don't have like a 430 WT
thermal take in there is is a huge Miss
to me because the number of people that
are buying these things is enormous we
can see that in the reviews on sites
like Newegg and Amazon and what I want
to know as someone who is you know in
charge of recommending products to
people is okay but how bad is it yeah is
it
that bad like is it is it is it bad like
it's going to fail does it break your
system in a year is it is it bad like
when it fails it could light on fire I
need to know this stuff and
so power supplies I'd say is probably
the vertical that we are closest to in
terms of the vision for how the lab is
supposed to function and I have actually
repeatedly talked about PS circuit as
something that I consider to be a win
yes I know that I've been trying to
explain to people why that's true um
because this is what we are trying to do
and it's going to take a long time for
people to but this is this is something
that's really important to slam home for
people because of a conversation that we
had during this topic a little bit
earlier where were talking about how
people don't necessarily want to work on
things that don't like do well so it's
really important to communicate to a
team that like you know the the web
article getting of views we impacted
literally even if we account for that
people don't watch the entire video we
impacted hundreds of thousands of people
and made them aware that this brand is
sketchy they wouldn't have known
otherwise no one's covering this
included in an LTT video okay yeah yeah
cuz the game max circuit video got 1,500
views
sure I was one of
them and now I know right like that's
what we're doing that's what we're
that's what we're trying to
do
and it's going to take it's going to
take time to to build out the verticals
that we want to build out it's going to
take time to automate what we need to
automate there's a lot of that to be
done um there's a there's a lot also
like I know there's been some criticism
put towards the the lab in regards
automation cuz some people have pointed
out like uh the more you automate stuff
the more you remove the human touch and
you're less likely to catch things and
stuff um we're not trying to automate a
lot of those types of things to be clear
and I'm not trying to increase
Automation in the labs actually
necessarily to increase the amount that
they can even do necessarily I'm trying
to make it so they can spend more time
verifying results and retesting things
and doing things like that um so yeah
it's
okay
um okay uh I don't think we ever
actually ended up finishing the I do
think it's it's an interesting thing to
consider though that yeah pretty much
all of
the things that you just pointed at for
an nonch yep we are diving into head
first attempting to do the same thing
but what percentage of our headcount is
working on PSU
circuit it's going to be three people
okay which is a pretty considerable
amount but it takes a very noticeable
amount of time but is there a benefit to
the projects that the other people are
working on that do make money to having
this resource and to having this
knowledge yes all right but it's just
you
know I'm just saying I'm just saying I
have a vision
L I have a vision right now I'm having a
vision and to be clear I I think some
people might be getting squiggly legs
right now um I support the labs project
I'm just trying to push him a little
bit um look I will I'll defend it all
day yeah I'll defend it all day because
I'm just I'm just saying all the
criticisms that you Lobby towards a NCH
are the exact same things that we are
doing but what a NCH planning to do what
a NCH doesn't have is it doesn't have
LT yeah LT is is
basically this like Evolution machine it
is it is it is taking the feedback from
the community it is processing it
through the writing team through me and
it is constantly shifting and changing
and sometimes it changes forward
sometimes it changes backward but it's
constantly trying new things in order to
increase engagement in order to make
sure that this business stays
sustainable sustainable in order to feed
resources back into the machine that is
supposed to build these resources that
will in turn make LT more authoritative
which will in
turn bring more viewership and more
resources which will allow us to
continue to build it the way that I've
been seeing it is that um some people
have said that the LT Labs team is
supposed to be a support department for
writing and I don't necessarily see it
that way I think we
are we are supposed to support yes but
we're supposed to support the content
creation of the company that doesn't
necessarily just mean writing that
doesn't necessarily mean a singular part
of writing that just means content
creation within the company at all um
that also includes the lab's website
which is technically a separate thing
from Labs but we're supporting the
content of the labs website um and a lot
of the ways that we do that is like this
constant generation of of Articles and
reviews that we're doing say on the
website um
in reality do we really expect the those
articles to make enough money to be like
this awesome business within lus Media
Group um cop cough look at what's
happening to Anand no not really but by
doing that we're going to keep up to
speed we're going to be in the dirt of
what's happening with these components
all the time so we ideally know what's
going on or have at least a good idea of
what's going on because we'll be trying
things out all the time will we be able
to catch everything no um but it should
keep our level of educated on all of
these topics up quite High that's the
goal and you know what it's been slow
and uh it's we're not going to we're not
going to rush anything uh at this point
so it's going to take in some situations
we are slowing down yeah and we're going
to take as as long as we need to take
and
uh godp speed
heck
yeah um all right topic two says our
paper over there the telegram CEO was
arrested in France yeah pavl DAV the CEO
of telegram arrested this week on
suspicion of failing to act against
elicit actions on the surface service
such as drug trafficking fraud and the
exchange of child sexual assault
material his arrest has caused a debate
about free speech and government
censorship with figures such as is G
um you can't even say his name is this
like your personal Voldemort now no but
it's just so
stupid with figures such as Elon Musk
and Edward Snowden publicly defending
durov as if Twitter doesn't follow all
of the the rules with respect to you
know back doors and whatever else it's
like it's only some irrelevant Market in
South America that they'll go to they'll
go to bat against get give it a rest
anyway Edward Snowden has at least some
some street cred here um durov certainly
seems to have a history of resisting
government influence now he seems to
actually have a history of it not just a
history of being a blowhard um in 2006
he created the facebook- like social
media site now called VK in his native
country of Russia it quickly became
adopted by Russia's political opposition
the Kremlin allegedly began pressuring
der off to sell the site to more State
sympathetic parties in 2011 and when the
Kremlin pressures you to do something
you either do it or you end up dead it's
actually very different from the kind of
bleeding about um you know political
censorship or whatever else that happens
from some people um DAV left Russia in
2014 claiming it was to avoid requests
from the Kremlin to hand over the data
of Ukrainian protesters though he did
succumb to pressure and sell his VK
shares to be clear government censorship
does happen here just the bleeding or
not um it's it's just yeah it's very
different from hey you should sell your
shares and then if you don't then you um
you jump out of a
window um and shoot yourself in the back
of the head at the same time yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah um very crafty all right
while telegram has a reputation for lack
moderation DAV gave an interview to
Financial Times this March where he
claimed telegram planned to improve
moderation within the year using AI
related mechanisms though he stated he
didn't think the app should police
people unless they cross red lines um
it's not clear what those lines are to
him this arrest has reignited the
conversation on endtoend encryption
since DAV was also charged with
providing encryption without the
required
declaration but telegram's encryption is
actually pretty bad says our not it's
not on by default the setting is not the
easiest thing to find it only works for
one-on-one conversations and can only be
enabled when your conversation partner
is also online interesting which I we I
have to confess I actually didn't know
that I knew signal was like the better
one um but I I actually didn't know
these these
details so is it is it actually bad or
are the settings just bad cuz it said
the encryption is bad but is is that
true if it only Works while your
partner's online it leaves a lot of room
for error can only be enabled when the
partner is online is also online yeah
I'm assuming you turn it on and then
it's on for that conversation yeah
that's to me that's a really poor
mechanism for encryption if I am using
an app that I think is encrypt mean that
the encryption itself okay no no no I'm
not saying AES whatever like the actual
encryption I'm saying the implementation
of the encryption in the app is leaves a
lot of room for user error is that a
better way of phrasing it sure yeah yeah
yeah I just I think saying the
encryption is bad is is rough I'm trying
to see is this the one that I use I
always get them mixed up the Wy in float
plane chat says I've also seen some
academic analyses that their crypto
design is questionable at best okay yeah
I'm I'm not even saying it's not legit I
just I don't
know because it's handrolled
implementation instead of using a
standard well tested one yeah there's a
there's a number of people that are uh
talking in float plane chat about how
it's like got issues apparently uh or at
least could have
issues so Luke yes I'm trying to figure
okay whatever an interesting take that I
read on this um I believe this was an
article somewhere I was reading I forget
the point is they basically were like
okay here's Devil's Advocate sort of
take on this you know I signed up for
telegram I like joined some groups and
within minutes
I had offers for everything from drugs
to uh human trafficking to um government
state sponsored
subterfuge like it was absolutely wild
how telegram was essentially should you
choose to unlock that capability which
is very simple to do uh was basically a
a black market
essentially um
that's one perspective where if you were
to go okay he's in trouble for you know
what providing people with encrypted
communication that sounds pretty bad or
he is in trouble for essentially running
a black market Social
Network I have I have a complicated
position on this but I thought maybe I'd
let you go first what are your thoughts
I don't know uh government enforce
platform moderation is always kind of a
weird state sponsored subterfuge not
centrifuge did you say centrifuge no oh
who said centrifuge someone in the chat
that's a stuck net
right that's pretty good for Uranium
what oh float plane CH oh sorry I liked
Dan's comment
um yeah I don't know um yeah like state
state required moderation of of platform
is weird um it's it it's it goes both
ways right it's the same thing as the
opposite state required non- moderation
of platforms is also weird in my opinion
like when people say like rah rah but my
free speech it's like sure but this
isn't government property or public
property or anything of the sort this is
my random website we also have to be
super careful with like free speech
because Free Speech means free of
government oppression it doesn't mean
anything to do with a private entity
that owns a platform yeah so like so so
that's kind of weird in one side but
then the government forcing it is also
weird because again it's my platform
isn't it so that's odd so but if they
make certain
things I I don't know it's it's but
there has to be some oversight right
because you can't say uh like cuz you
can't Harbor there there's the whatever
being an accessory to a crime or
whatever if I'm a if I'm a government
and I tell you look you're not allowed
you're not allowed to log anything from
minors or even suspected minor yeah so
like I legit support that I I would
support that yeah it's a nuanced
conversation
but I don't think there's any avoiding
that for me
um I support the existence of a platform
like this even if I wouldn't run it um
I'm it's scary when there are no tools
to not be observed by the government
because we have seen so many times
throughout history that just not go well
but the thing is that like they also you
also don't want to Harbor all this bad
stuff there should be there should be an
expectation of privacy I mean when you
sent a letter in the year
1823 or whatever the expectation was
that it is illegal to read it yeah I
don't care who you are you not allowed
to open it yeah that's like not how that
works and that's basically all that
telegram
is name yeah right that that's all it is
is it's it's an an
implicitly telegrammed message to
someone that is intended for their eyes
and their eyes only yeah and so you know
I look at this a platform wants to do
that it's hard for me to say that they
shouldn't be able to and and if they're
Chad enough to stand up to regimes that
would oppress people for communicating
about things that aren't human
trafficking that are just living their
lives and existing and that aren't
bothering anybody like uh freedom of
expression freedom of religion whatever
the case may be then that's great like
you go girl that's the weird thing like
tools screwdriver here you could stab
someone with it you can use a hammer for
bad things this is this is an argument
that works for so many things something
that can absolutely be used for good can
very often also be used for bad things
but I don't know you put yourself in a
really bad spot if you remove these
things that can be used for good because
they can also be used for bad you lose
out on incredibly important things I
mean we talked about this in our in our
recent um like hacking
tools um where it's like what so we get
rid of hamers yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
good point it's the hammer argument yeah
but like with the with the yeah with the
hacking tools if you ban all the hacking
tools then people aren't going to know
how secure their things are as easily
and also the people that are that have
the ability to just make them anyways
because some of them aren't inherently
that complicated or now that the like
plans for making them are online if
you're crafty you can make maybe a not
quite as good version but you can make
your own version anyways so like they're
still going to exist and now it's just
harder for good people to get their
hands on it but with all of that said I
couldn't look in the eye of a of a of a
trafficking victim who had escaped and
tell them which is why we didn't make
her own VPN and tell them you know I'm
going to keep running this platform I I
don't I don't I don't I I don't have it
in me um which is why we yeah we don't
do that so it's honestly for me it's the
same it's the same logic I um I well
forget her name um she's like super
private um hold
on what's her name uh no no no no
no h i can't remember there's there's
someone who works on another Blake's
privacy platform and she's she's super
cool uh she did a she did an interview
recently she doesn't do that many of
them um but basically she was like yeah
this is really important um dang it
anyway well whatever her her whole being
private thing worked then uh anyway yeah
the point is yeah for me I it's it's
really important I I support endtoend
encryption I me
too and and you know I think there's
room for there's room for conversations
around what that implementation looks
like like should we be allowed to have
an endtoend
encrypted um you know very large group
chat for example
where you could you could organize an
attack or something like that and it's
like well oh yeah maybe that would be
bad but then the flip side of that is
okay um the government has uh has has oh
okay this is great the government has
declared um that what's his what's his
nuts won the election even though
there's pretty significant evidence that
he actually um didn't and people need to
people need to organize so that they can
gather so they can resist like that's
why that's why these platforms need to
exist the only problem if a place is
under attack and you're trying to
evacuate as many people as you possibly
can and Communications are being
monitored so they can create choke
points and you want to avoid that like
there's there's lots of super legitimate
reasons as to why you would want these
tools and and the problem is that they
don't move at the speed of a telegram
anymore yeah so they move so fast that
they're hard for enforcement to stay on
top of they're hard to they're hard to
deal with and there's there's there's
really there's really bad stuff
happening and it's it's not like this
stuff isn't going to
happen even if you take telegram away no
but these tools are so powerful now they
can happen so fast no I know butes
around in Shadows just so much more
easily than it used to like I don't even
want to name them cuz I don't want to
I'm I'm going to anyway so get wrecked
but uh I I feel like they actually they
don't cater to this stuff a ton but it
still happens on their platform anyways
but Discord yeah practically everyone
has it these days yeah and you can set
up a server and invite 2,000 people to
it instantly and it all works instantly
and the there there's no like personally
identifying information to create
account complete throwaway account
knowing it's going to be banned in two
days Y and not care and then just you're
there yeah whether it's encrypted or not
people are just going to be and there I
oh man again I was I was reading some
article about this or other um and
apparently there's just all kinds of
like shorthands for discussing ilicit
material that I'm sure there like I as a
as a person who doesn't get into that um
like I I could read a conversation and I
could have no idea that it's even about
that well that was a whole thing I I did
not follow this enough okay and this is
probably I'm going to this is going to
open a can of worms I just remember a
lot of the whole keyword thing that
you're talking about being a part of
this conversation but the whole pizza
gate thing yeah pizza and hot dogs and
do you want lunch and all this other
type of stuff where it all means
something else it's like okay these
sound like completely normal
conversations but like yeah I don't
[Music]
know WrestleMania says yeah uh crimes
use code words I love that he called
them crimes I read too me too that's
great thank you for that okay we're not
talking about the pizza gate conspiracy
theory around the like one pizza
restaurant
no um just the terminology didn't want
to bring it up I just remember there's a
lot of conversations at that time about
code words that's all um someone said
Discord needs to moderate their platform
better do you have any concept at all of
how genuinely insane that would be it'd
be impossible what a crazy task if if we
properly like if we want moderated
Discord on the level that you're talking
about I hope you're ready to pay 15
bucks a
month like or more yeah that's the thing
like these services are only viable as
long as they're financially viable right
like you can't just say oh well they
need to H okay with what
army right like it it can't even just be
it can't even just be randoms like these
people would need need training they'
need criminal record checks you know
they would need the whole thing would
have to be monitored and overseen who
who does it right Coman said or pay per
server LOL yeah except Discord killed
all of those yeah Ventrilo and TeamSpeak
and all those services are gone
basically I know I technically still use
TeamSpeak some of them like the team
speak technically exists but like come
on it is not the same thing and the
thing that killed them all was was
Discord because the servers are
free so I don't
know but you know you do know how to
send a merch
message but if you don't
know don't send a twitch bit don't send
a super chat if you want to interact
with the show like this like Tara o down
here all you got to do is send a merch
message go to LTT store.com throw
something in your cart we'll have a
couple of suggestions for you in a
minute we've got some stuff to talk
about throw something in your cart and
you'll be prompted to send a merch
message you'll get a reply from
Dan okay which may or may not be useful
depending on what kind of a mood he's
having um was warranted they're always
warranted or he'll forward it internally
or he will curate it for me and Luke so
we'll show you guys how some curated
merch messages might look and then we'll
give you guys kind of the update for
what's going on on the store hit me
Dan sure thing let's see what we've got
here hello Dan Luke and random beardless
blonde dude uh lonus if when you retire
from YouTube would you still do the W
show you guys are big part of my weekly
routine I would hate to see you go um
don't freak
out but Luke and I have had this
conversation very recently
and I think we more or less agreed on on
yeah yeah yeah that the the The Show
Must Go On The W show specifically I
mean it's one of those things where it's
kind of a it's kind of an no-brainer
because there's no way that Luke and I
are going to stop like reading Tech news
um there it's not really that much work
for us to take the Discord chats that we
might have throughout the week and just
not do that and then point a camera at
you know when we get together in chat
it's uh it's in a time slot that doesn't
really interfere with people who don't
have a life slave as that is
yeah it has very rarely been a problem
for me yeah there's that Katy Perry song
I have no idea what she's talking
about yeah we sat at a tabletop yeah we
talked about some
tech oh my goodness um and to be to be
clear like we're we still got we still
got a mission right like um having
having Luke taking a close look at
what's going on with the labs has been
really refreshing uh it's really
exciting because we've we've got a lot
of work to do um you know looking at the
path forward for the channel Z the the
various channels here um it's been
really nice to see LT on the upswing
again yeah and this is big agree this is
in spite of how difficult it is to make
Tech interesting but damn it that's what
we do that's what we do you guys are
figuring it out there's there's been
some real bangers that's what we do
really really well we've got a great
team um the sentiment on scrapyard Wars
is insane yeah that was a lot of fun
things are things are getting to the
point where you can kind of get into
things affordably again maybe a little
bit as long as you've got a little bit
of you know scrapyard War spirit and
you're willing to get in there and learn
some stuff um which is dang it that's
our wheelhouse right so
man I'm uh I'm I'm excited I'm actually
pretty good right now I'm optimistic um
more so than I've been in a while to to
be perfectly honest with you guys right
like if you look at how the last 365
days have gone for the channel um you
know we were in we were in a pretty
rough State last September it wasn't
good and you know we'd have a a banger
or two here we'd have a couple good
uploads and then it's been this kind of
this pattern of like yeah we like
recover for a bit and then it's like
it's like we've been swimming against
the current for a long long time but
then you look at look at that trend line
what happens here in July and I mean
even this low low Point here is not
nearly what we were looking at back
there right so you look at this low
point in July and you go kind of like oh
things are things are on the up and up
you know finally we're we're pulling it
together uh we're figuring out you know
what is what is the new meta what are
people looking for um what is the mix
that we need of reviews of things that
people need to know about like you know
Snapdragon x uh Snapdragon X or
um like okay yeah here's one that didn't
perform particularly well uh amd's new
mobile amd's new mobile chips versus you
know what are the what are the content
styles that are going to appeal more
broadly uh like this one this one's a
really good example where it didn't
necessarily start out doing too great
honestly like if you look it's at the
low end of what our of what our typical
ranges for video performance then it
just keeps going up but we figured out
how to do this more often how to find
stuff that achieves I call this like uh
escape velocity yeah right where where
we're finding ways to make content that
appeals algorithmically to the YouTube
audience um in a way that we were
struggling with for a while so I'm I'm
actually I'm really optimistic because
we're going to be able to do that better
with more foundational testing and we're
going to be able to afford to build
foundational testing as long as we can
continue to do that better as we go and
you know sometimes um the content that
we're uploading these days has been a
little controversial I mean that stock
Android one definitely ruffled some
feathers but I don't think my thing has
ever been having the same opinion as
everybody else no and I'm I've been
tired of that for I it's I feel like
it's been like two or maybe even three
years where for some reason uh people in
the tech space have been obsessed with
all the reviewers saying the same thing
and if they don't it's like a huge
problem that's just rough I'm not going
to do it no good like yeah that's not
good and you know what the funny thing
is in time a lot of the time the
discourse kind of comes around to my
position do you remember what a
firestorm it set off when I said that ad
block was piracy is that coming around
yeah really oh
yeah dude watching the when I said that
it was like it was like I had dropped a
nuclear bomb on my career essentially
like you wouldn't believe how and some
people are still super mad about it it's
weird when I see the community
wholeheartedly Embrace piracy and then
you say this one thing is is piracy and
they're like no it isn't it's like wait
what but I never said don't do I never
said don't be able to sleep you all
trading Linux isos on your Plex servers
what are you even talking about like we
meme on this stuff all the time yeah
relax bro yeah um and and it's the same
thing it's the same thing with warranty
gate yeah what all I said was it it's
only worth the paper it's printed on the
value of a warranty is is Sol I do think
I will say of the's willingness to
fulfill it I will say I still think okay
so I M it
Terri I messaged it terribly it was
wrapped in like the worst packaging you
could ever imagine but the underly I
don't disagree with the underlying
statement well you know what it was Luke
was I was thinking back to a
conversation that I'd actually had with
another content creator who knows who
they are um I'm not going to name this
content creator sure uh but it was a
conversation that I had with another
cont content creator where I was talking
about what the contingency plan was in
the event of mine and Ivan's passing and
how the company could continue to
operate and they basically said to me
well my company is specifically set up
with a poison pill Clause so the second
I drop dead everything's gone everyone
loses their jobs the brand can't
continue because you know it could
reflect on me post humously and no one
has any warranty and I was like that's
pretty up was sort of my response to
that and this is this is a content
creator again they know who they they
are um and I was like nobody has any
okay because they they sell products or
you're an actual [__] [__]
essentially right because like the the
the level of narcissism on display was
sort of mindboggling to me because of
the the just the whole thing or the the
warranty is not ending okay all of it
the fact that everyone is just like
instantly out of a job because because
this thing couldn't possibly be good
without you like are
do you have do you have any concerns
does it smell bad living inside your own
rectum
like Honestly though uh do do you have
is that a concern for you at all like I
and I I know you're mad at this thing
but let's hold on hold on so that was
where I was coming from when I said that
super weird thing about how whatever we
put together should be something that
can Outlast cuz I I remember whatever
yeah should be something that is
structured correctly such that it could
be Main
in the event that it wasn't just down to
me saying trust me bro and making that
whether it makes Financial sense or not
we just take care of it MH that was what
I said but it was super weird the way
that I explained it and it got Twisted
by people who know who they are um and I
think you probably should have just
wrote down a warranty anyways but well
probably but we also hadn't not written
one down the product wasn't launched L
the product wasn't launched that was the
craziest thing for me I it's like one I
think it was it was it was kind of weird
like refusing to write one Luke but then
it was also really weird how much
feedback there was when the thing wasn't
even out yet we had the Integrity to not
take people's money to we could
have we could have pre-old the crap out
of those products okay we wouldn't take
people's money because we didn't want
them to have on uncertainty about it
because we wanted them to have third
party feedback on it before we were
willing to take their money Luke did we
do the popup before the
warranty no I don't remember no we
didn't okay I thought we did I don't
remember no okay the whole thing was
absolutely
unhinged and it's really funny now
because in every conversation around
people like talking about our customer
service you see people that are like
like L has said like yeah I saw one
recently was some the the zipper like
peeled off a backpack or something um oh
my goodness and like I definitely have
thoughts about that like from a
sustainability standpoint I would rather
see people like go get that patched and
i' I'd rather give people like a small
you know credit for that or something
then send a whole new backpack but we
stand behind the product and I I believe
that person was offered a new
backpack would that be a cool
option there's a there's a lot of work
is there some way there's a lot of work
involved because sounds yeah really
difficult yeah like it's not like we're
it's not like we're a huge multinational
brand and we can have like a backpack
service center in every major city or
whatever but yeah I mean there's
definitely there's definitely you know
things about that that I personally I
personally I wouldn't submit a warranty
request for that
but personally I I would stand behind
our product right so sorry sorry I was
looking at
uh give me one second
sorry yeah this is clean I was looking
at the
subreddit someone posted that during the
show
oh man sometimes going through the
Reddit is a terrifying experience and
sometimes it's just hilarious there
people got some screenshot I think it
was from scrapyard Wars or something and
they they remade the like Drake meme
where it's like no or like that one
that's so funny I've been enjoying those
I don't know great ski ghost asks what
about those who were unable to claim
back the $25 you promised only on buying
a single new product we offered them a
full refund at the end of the day my
liability to you is
absolutely not more than the cost you
spent on the product if you weren't
happy with the $25
credit we offered a refund that's it
that at at that point we have done all
that we can do I'm not going to give you
a back massage like I I said I said I
said trust me bro not take advantage of
me bro yeah oh
that's only said to
me not on the
show we've talked about
this anyways uh what about front massage
says that's a nice
hatat oh man should we go through our
announcements we've got yeah we've got
wait well no we're supposed to do a
couple merch we did we did one merch
message I want to kind of change up the
format a bit we do one merch message you
read all your announcements and then
we'll do another one and then we'll move
on oh nice look at this guy being a
producer you know he's had the title for
a long time but that that was some he
does produc that was some no that was
some Next Level producing that he just
produced the [__] out of us that's I
feel produced we need like we need like
a logo in the corner of his webcam it's
like SSS plus I'm going to produce a
resignation no I don't accept he just
said we're doing wo forever you don't
get to quit you're stuck well we
wouldn't be working together technically
but we would still be doing wo the
streak dude this streak is going to be
longer than my underwear okay the streak
can never
end you still wear underwear smells
better
too my goodness wow oh
man uh announcements
uh right right right so we've got some
announcements speaking of popups uh yeah
we're hosting a popup event speaking of
not being willing to take people's money
for un unproven products although
honestly our engineering team and our
fashion team are getting good enough
that I I might be willing to start
relaxing that now probably fine I think
it's time for us to just treat our our
product design capabilities as like
we're actually like pretty [__] good
at this at this point anyway I do agree
but the pop-ups are also kind of fun
pop-ups are kind of fun so we're doing
another pop-up
um on Saturday September 7th we are
going to be doing a popup where we will
be launching slm making available our
brand new LTT Precision multi-bit
screwdriver and bit kit and if you come
to the popup you'll be able to purchase
one of 500 numbered Precision
screwdrivers as well uh are they
numbered on them or where's the number
it's a lasered onto them oh that's well
not these ones cuz these aren't part of
it it can't be numbered if you have
extra to show on the show when we number
something we number it actually oh man
okay sorry I'm this
derailment Luke and I Luke and I Nick
and I had a conversation recently we
found a bunch of those Lambo
beanis do you remember the the 69 only
Lambo
beanis and I didn't know what to do we
found apparently for minimum order
quantity purposes we ordered more than
69 of them also to have warranty and etc
etc
um because we said we would only sell 69
of them but I hate
waste um so the conversation what what
Nick wanted to do was uh do like a promo
on Wow or something like that and and I
basically was like if we say there's
only this many there could only be this
many but our options are either to what
sell them hold on to them forever yeah
you don't want to do that or throw them
away and you don't want to burn them
which I don't want to do like the the
fashion companies is it okay to give
them away the chat says it's okay to
give them away I think giving them away
is okay I so so the numbered ones can be
the ones we sold and but we could still
give them away is that okay Gauntlet
wizard said give them away in a promo
that I don't necessarily know it would
have to be a genuine giveaway we can we
can profit from more than just money
like that's something that you guys got
got to consider just because I turn off
the AdSense on my video for example that
doesn't mean that I didn't benefit that
I didn't profit that there isn't that
there isn't a a net benefit to me of
uploading that video let's say if it's
something that's going to get a lot of
views it's it's not that black and white
the world is about more than just money
right so if I use it for a promo I am
absolutely profiting even if it's not
directly
financially um most people seem to think
it's pretty cool to give them
away so how many are there it's like 40
or something like I like maybe we had to
order a couple hundred or I don't know
or like 150 I I don't know exactly that
don't don't quote me on the number it's
less it's way less than a thousand it's
more than 10 let me ask the audience
this because I feel like they're the
most likely to lean in One Direction um
but I I feel one thing that I suspect
will be opposite to the audience so I
want to check with them just to counter
my bias um
is it better to give it away internally
or externally um because if you give it
away externally then you're not selling
it you're there's actually a lot less
benefit I think we should give it away
externally then but it's not always easy
giving stuff away is not always easy
like people don't need the whole fast
fashion movement oh chat's mostly saying
internally uh it's kind of both sides
yeah that's a company benefit that's a
park now that we've provided so in terms
of like are we getting something out of
it we actually like kind of are
absolutely is yeah uh whereas if we give
it away externally and do it quietly so
that nobody knows about it then it's the
least benefit to the company interesting
it's zero benefit so this is this is
really important Gauntlet wizard says
you're also profiting on any charity
events by that
logic y yeah that's like the whole
billionaire Playbook why do you think
any of them charity anything a I made a
billion dollars and suddenly I am now
philanthropist that that there's also
like it's a whole it's a whole it's a
whole rabbit hole it's not even just the
reputational uh management of Charity
stuff there's a whole it's a whole thing
but um that's that's that's one of the
reasons we don't really talk about stuff
much um although there is something that
we get to talk about this week because
the thing that precipitated the donation
was a very public event uh we ended up
raising $20,000
oh and to be clear for the people
watching for the Electronic Frontier
Foundation oh nice
$20,000 with that uh got fish shirt so
thank you guys very much that was the
full profits from that shirt very
exciting um what what is what am I
looking at here is this like a oh well
okay whatever so here's
uh here's a thing about the Electronic
Frontier Foundation there you go you can
learn about them there cool I'll pause
the video or whatever so that that's
pretty exciting uh but but yeah that's
that's the only way to do it is to to
donate something and not talk about it
at all um yeah and to be clear that
doesn't mean that creators doing charity
streams and stuff like that are like bad
or like specifically doing it for profit
but there is a benefit to it it's not
it's not benefit it's it's less
beneficial than them just doing like a A
subathon or a donate to me drive in in
of some form um they are still giving
that money to charity is still
benefiting from it etc etc etc but it's
not benefit Navy EMT says can you donate
it to uh to a developing country
actually that whole thing is a big
problem so back to what I was saying
about fast fashion there's now an excess
of secondhand clothing because people
just buy stuff wear it a couple times
and it's so cheap they just oh yeah well
I'll donate it and then like I don't
have to feel bad about the massive
amount of raw materials and labor
that goes into these products that I'm
consuming and then using a couple of
times like we I feel like there's been a
huge mentality shift like when people
would talk about people would talk about
never wearing the same pair of underwear
as like a completely unhinged outof
touch you know Behavior we would laugh
about it and joke about it but but now
it really does seem like people will
will wear a shirt a few times and be
like eh out of style now I'll just pick
up something new on teamu or or it's so
cheap and manufactured so poorly that it
might be like somewhat destroyed by the
thirdware um the logo is all wrecked or
may not logo but the the thing on it is
all wrecked or whatever else and so back
to donating to other countries it's
actually not necessarily a net benefit
because what it can do is it can destroy
the local market for those products
destroying the companies that produce
them making them forever dependent
creating this cycle of dependency on
like Teemu garbage that gets shipped
across one ocean worn a couple times and
then handled a bunch of times and then
shipped across another freaking ocean
like the whole thing is so so
inefficient
um I'm not saying we won't donate them
if anything I think that's clearly the
position I'm advocating for here is that
we we give them away externally but what
I am saying is that it's not that black
and white it ain't that simple
yeah
yep
um yeah 4com 5 says go feed your local
Ducks then stop the thing that happens
next isn't
nice um okay let's go back to talking
about our pop-up shop shall we lius cam
here it is oh yeah wait how did we what
don't worry about it okay uh so we'll
have some other popular items from LTT
store.com including our recently
launched offsite
laptop bag
and oh should we talk about the product
a little bit are we are we going to talk
about this at all so there's a few
things that make the new Precision
driver really exciting you guys can sign
up for a notification we're going to
have that link down below right Dan
people can get a notification yeah I
believe it's down there I will double
check though so there's a few things
that I really love about this kit uh
number one is the driver itself uh super
super high quality machined aluminum
nice strong magnet in the end that's
just kind of going to be if we're going
to have a staple for our screwdriver
products that's going to be it we've got
in-handle bit storage that can hold
three of our Precision bits which use
the standard shank size and are actually
the standard length but with a Twist
I'll talk about that in a minute
speaking of twisting it's got a high
quality bearing on the top that will
spin for anywhere from let's say you
know what I don't want to Promise Too
Much let's say anywhere from 20 seconds
to we've had them spinning for darn near
a minute depending on how you get them
going it's going to be yeah there's a
lot there's a bit of finesse to it
there's there's some variance in the
bearings there's a lot of stuff going on
uh we're going to have accessories
including uh different tops so you can
have a concave top if you like the
finger hold we're going to have a convex
top if you like to Palm it and then by
default it's going to ship with the flat
top but you'll be able to get top kits
and who knows what kinds of tops we
might have available for it in the
future that's the driver itself then
there's the kit super high quality Case
comes with a detachable top that you can
can use as a parts tray includes a sheet
magnet inside along with little
organizer spaces for the stuff that
you're taking out of it there you go
there's one of our bits in there and
okay that is probably the worst bit you
could have possibly put onto there for
my next Point uh our bits are also
pretty exciting even though they are the
same length that you would find from um
well let's say you know other bit dang
it other bit manufacturers that we
respect a lot one of the things that we
changed was the depth of the um uh the
the hex portion so you can see it drops
into our driver there and she's a little
she's a little longer in the skinny part
one of the issues that I've had with
many of the Precision drivers that I've
used in the past is that they aren't
deep enough to reach into in some cases
like almost anything yeah um depending
on the bits so we're really excited for
these to be not super deep I mean still
not a fixed shaft screwdriver you know
you're going to need a fixed shaft
screwdriver sometimes and we're working
on solutions for that but they are a
little bit deeper making the multibit a
little bit more
usable um and I guess that's all I have
to say about that is there any other
like major points that I missed here
anodized aluminum endcap is
interchangeable hybrid c h ceramic
hybrid bearing uh incredibly strong
magnet yeah yeah oh oh yeah right the
driver will be available by itself if
you already have an iFixit kit uh we we
love iFixit they're a great partner we
love their mission we're not we're not
trying to replace iFixit we certainly
never will I was just to say not like
all the replacement parts all the guides
but we uh we're real passionate about
screwdrivers really high-end tools um
and we we really love this thing comes
with 61 different bits standard philli
specialized bits for game consoles all
kinds of different ones and I think
that's pretty much uh all I have to say
about that for right now soone said what
time is the popup opening oh right uh
okay so it'll be next Saturday September
7th from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Linus
Media Group studio in sir wait is that
the studio or the Lab Studio I was told
studio studio okay so it'll be at the
studio um he not reading this might be
kind of exciting or whatever but do not
travel far for this event is why we
didn't give you very much notice this
will not be like LTX or whan um we will
have some testing stations for you to
like try out the product um you'll have
uh you'll have an opportunity to talk to
some of our design and Engineering folks
about how we develop our tools and
products um there might be a few other
things um but don't don't travel we
literally don't have enough capacity for
a ton of people to be here and
everyone's just going to have a bad time
if people are trekking out here from
like wherever stand um so please
don't uh
yeah okay cool oh right there's a couple
of other things for the store uh scribe
drivers um the pen are now available to
order again uh if you missed out on the
last two drops or you're looking to buy
more you can secure yours on back order
at lg. g/ pen uh so that's a good
candidate if you guys want to send a
merch message today I still haven't even
been able to get one you don't have one
yet no wow Get Wrecked scrub I tried to
buy them in the last wave I couldn't get
it fast
enough I want to like to put a request
in for you right now no it's fine it's
fine well okay this is not a rule etc
etc etc I don't like putting in merch
requests when customers can't get them
so if the thing is perpetually sold out
it's very Noble of you plof literally
took a a small break from the shoot that
we were doing together sat on his laptop
ordered one and then came back and I was
like what were you doing he was like
ordering a scribe driver I was like
really yeah so I I want it to like be
able to exist on the store for more than
you know a couple days and then I'll try
to get one I mean you got keys in your
head of instructure you could just turn
off the cameras in 107 and just go go
grab a
handful that's really smart you can't
joke about that smart you can't even
joke about that it's just he's a smart
guy yeah it's not like there's like
massive amounts of logs and all of us
get emails all the time if anybody would
try to do something like that yeah it
would be pretty
obvious um okay last couple things
people V by chat are like gra grab me
one I mean you could just do ITT I got
you fam oh man um last announcement is
we are resuming our sponsor partnership
with Asus uh we stopped working with
them on January 5th of this year due to
issues that we were seeing um through
our community feedback team or through
our community feedback mechanisms on the
Forum um I oh oh look at this Asus
timeline what is
this oh wow Colton put together a little
document for me uh so in 2022 late 2022
we saw the first Asus complaints on the
Forum in um second quarter of 2023 we
saw a detailed post about someone having
issues with Asus support um followed
shortly by some more issues and an
influx of complaints regarding Asus like
GPU mobos with display issues in early
May of that year we told Asus that if we
didn't see improvements or if they
didn't do anything to address complaints
we'd have to consider pausing
partnership um so that was within a
month of this sort of influx of
complaints
um in May of
2020 wait what year are we in 2023 uh on
the W show I said that Asus was in the
dogghouse and that we were in talks
about Shoring up customer support
uh with them um there's also a call to
action in the segment encouraging people
to go to The Forum with their
complaints um in
August uh we let's see hold
on we reiterate we're sharing the
complaints the process takes time oh
yeah okay yeah in August we posted
regarding the large amount of complaints
that we've been receiving since early
may we reiterate we're sharing the
complaints in September um we were told
that Asus had an action plan coming for
how they wanted to change their
processes we share with the Forum that
this is coming in December we went
through the entire Forum history and
compiled a list of all sponsor
complaints from 34 different users and
sent this to Asus we flagged the ones
that were valid complaints that needed
resolutions ASAP in also in December we
had a call with Asus to go over each
issue one by one and share what we
thought the resolutions should look like
in mid December we posted our weekly
Forum update um in January we announced
that Asus would no longer be a sponsor
of
LT in March we made a threat on the
Forum to assist with people needing rmas
it's still pinned in April uh we worked
with Asus to audit people's issues we
realized a few were still outstanding uh
so this is in 2024 now
um in June um Colton and I actually met
with asus's CEO I don't think we've ever
addressed this publicly um but we sat
down directly face Toof face with their
CEO um I laid out what I needed to see
happening with the the ongoing issue
with the SD card and the RG Ally I laid
out what I needed to see Happ because
this was around the launch of the AL 2
or Alx excuse me um I I laid out what um
philosophically I felt was an underlying
problem at Asus I sort of I spoke
to some of the issues that I could see
um that I could have empathy with um
what I saw from speaking with him was
someone who was told yes sir yes sir um
when things weren't getting done and I
told him I can empathize with that and I
felt that what they needed was an
improvement in upward communication um
an ability for people to to raise these
issues in a way that would make it so
that he wasn't blindsided by it because
it's one of those things where you can
you can kind of you can bash someone for
what went wrong but I don't feel that
that's actually the most effective way
to enact change I think it's far more
important to empathize with them and to
try to figure out what went wrong
because it was clear to me from speaking
with him that he didn't want isus to
suck at all he wanted it to be great and
so I was like okay well here's an issue
um one of the other things that I
outlined as being very important was I
felt that Asus still had a
very 2000's mentality sometimes fix it
with with a revision was something that
I told him that I felt Asus had embraced
for a lot of its history and that was a
big part of asus's success for a long
time was to move fast and break things
um and I was like look you guys are a
grownup company now and I think that's
something that needs to change he seemed
extremely receptive to everything that
we talked about um so far we have
actually seen very little in the way of
overall activity around Asus support
issues um you know one of the ones that
I saw the person was outraged because
there was a credit card hold for an
advanced
R that's standard practice there's a
credit card hold when you get an
advanced arm so advanc RMA is um is when
they send you the new product and
they're waiting to receive and then
they're waiting to receive the old
broken one back and then they take the
hold off the credit card that is
completely normal and you need to chill
um in fact offering Advanced r at all is
like really good I I I love Advanced R
cuz then I don't have to have downtime
if something's like kind of working
so um we felt really good about that
things seem to be going okay and if
anyone needs you know help finding the
correct channels of support from Asus we
still do have a topic here so you guys
can check this out uh I'm going to post
this in the float plane chat maybe Dan
if you can Chuck that in in some of the
other chats uh but we think we've we've
seen enough that we're ready to work
with them again but nothing's permanent
right like we
have we
have begun and ended relationships with
industry Giants time and time and time
again I mean nid reped them Nvidia is a
hilarious one right because they went
from you know working together to not
working together for a long time to
working together extremely closely to
not working together for 2 years because
because we called them out to working
together with them again we're working
with them now we don't agree with
everything they do but you're not going
to get a lot done um from the outside
change people leave mentalities change
mentalities shift I mean I do think that
Nvidia has a bit of a chip on their
shoulder from the top down sure I mean I
I would I would not criticize Jensen's
business Acumen when you have that that
nice of an oven you've got to be a shark
to some degree or as knowledge everyone
I've ever spoken to from Nvidia is like
the scariest thing about Jensen is that
he thinks he can do your job better than
you can and he probably can and he's
right yeah he'll walk in in like two
seconds and solve something that you've
been spending a week on and it's
like that'd be terrifying you know that
kind of pressure um but it's very clear
that Nvidia is for out for NVIDIA first
that's all that's all I'll say about
that um so anyway I've got some
questions about the screwdriver really
quick oh yeah um that is what is the
cost of things um what is the cost of
the screwdriver itself what is the cost
of the case with the bits and all that
kind of stuff and what is the cost of
the combo kit do we know any of that
look at this face you don't know any of
that does this look like a face that
knows no okay all right I actually don't
know can we figure that out um cuz I
think there it's public info isn't it at
least for the screwdriver itself it is
8:13 everybody's gone I'm not messaging
anybody right now all right well yeah I
could I could call Nick but I I don't
need I don't need to call Nick for that
I'm sure we'll figure it out you'll
figure it out oh I mean when it's out
you'll know yeah exactly exactly I'm not
going to bother someone if it just like
doesn't matter that much yeah uh okay
Nick's going to call in three no my
phone might be dead actually no no no
still got 2% all right got a lot of
teams messages oh no I'm kidding do you
want to do another merch message before
we move on to additional topics 10
minutes ago was that was that all the
announcements there was a lot of them
this week I got to make sure that you
get through them all or or we get hit we
get assaulted we did the popup event
yeah yeah we're good we're good okay we
gota be sure calm down boys they'll beat
us with sticks they will not beat us
with sticks they come out of the
quarterly budget if they break us on us
oh my God got buy
new you didn't use up your stick budget
this cor we're going to take it out of
the fiscal report you know if we bought
higher quality sticks then they wouldn't
break us much no you know the price of
sticks uh okay let's see grow on
trees oh oh yep that was my entire
contribution to that bit and I ruined it
I 100% ruined it you did too aone Fox
branch
manager uh okay let's see I can't even
pick
down
uh uh helloo how did the video game
auctions go David had an impressive
collection oh I
I didn't ask him yeah I don't know I
meant to ask him hopefully good probably
good can we see okay that I'm not too
bothered about just like asking someone
okay I I'll ask him I'll ask him I'll
see if I hear back
okay uh should I do another topic while
you are you just calling them or yeah
give give us give us one more Dan sure
sure sure um let's see what piece of
tech has the best value we've seen all
the unique builds in your house but what
do you value the
most what do you value the
most value is tough cuz like okay I was
actually just talking to Ivonne today we
were at the water slides and uh she was
like oh are you going to leave your
phone like at the at the like little
tent site slash like blanket area I was
like yeah I don't know she's like are
you going to like cover it up I'm like
oh sure and I like kick it under a
blanket like I and I was telling her I
actually love having a piece of crap
phone that I don't have to care about
Yep this thing doesn't matter to me at
all and I value that oh yeah absolutely
so like what does value mean cuz you
clearly said it's not money this is a
mildly controversial part of the reason
why I don't want a new
car because it's broken in it's got the
first scratch the 10th scratch 100th
scratch if something it's more scratched
than I'll be sad if it like stops
working but I'll just take it to a
mechanic if someone like bumps it I
don't know probably get it fixed like
I'm not super it's a Honda effectively
there's I'm sure there's parts and
they're probably not that expensive like
whatever it'll be fine yeah that's a
very comfortable Luke's a bad driver
I've never once been an accident in my
life shut up no that's not the point
like a scratch from like okay hold on
I'm going to try and think of some of
the hilarious no no no no no no yeah
lean on it no I'm trying to think of
some of the hilarious stuff you've had
taking up the entire back seat of your
car when I've gone to put my backpack in
it okay no no good reason for no no he
there he had this computer tower that
had this like machined part that Jake
made him in like high school or
something it was back there for weeks
months months there was a water leak in
my storage unit in my apartment so I
effectively didn't have storage so my
car just like became storage it's solved
now so it's on now my car is empty now
really yeah I need a ride tonight so I'm
going to find out just how empty it is
yeah it's actually like empty and that
my friends is how you secure a ride home
I noticed that cuz you had previously
said you're going to Uber but I mean I
don't mind well no no no no no no I I no
no not home I meant from
culus from from culus Lake when to get
back here when are you going to C this I
went today did you not notice me say I
was at the water slides oh that no I was
very focused he doesn't even listen to
me I had so much work to do for
[Laughter]
you uh
anyways uh but yeah the car's the car is
actually legitimately pretty clean at
this point I'll be the judge of that
sure all right yeah uh what are we
talking about how it get scratches but
there's there's tons of ways CU like if
you're wearing jeans yeah like putting
random see has so much stuff in it
scratching things on the way in and out
it has leather seats so for a while
friction boy I
was uh for a while there I was worried
about like you know putting something on
the seats or what I would put like a a
blanket or a towel down or something try
to protect the seat and now it's like
whatever dude I don't know it was
liberating spilling muriatic acid in my
car right like it kind of sucks but at
the same time you're like ah first one's
out of the way yeah nothing's going to
be worse than that
yeah yeah I don't know like I've I've St
snowboards in my car now like whatever
at a certain point it's like I want to
use it for what it's for and not worry
too much about all the little details
the Fric is jeans part guys I have never
even gotten to the point there's the
little like studs on your jeans that
hold them together and if you lean
against a car it could scratch the car I
realized somewhere
entirely they never popped off from the
sheer size of my Luke you don't hold
your jeans
together sorry motion
anyway we should probably move on Rivet
sorry I thought they were called we
never answered their questions
what what do you
value how did we get to that I don't
know this is going so badly cuz you
always bring it there I'll take that
start talking about your pants uh oh my
goodness where did it go he takes I
can't oh no I don't know where the limit
is so I'm going to keep the mouth
shut uh what piece of tech has the best
then you really won't be able to
whoa waa oh my face is starting to hurt
my goodness mine too okay wow your face
hurts is that like a weird nerve thing
like where you kind of pinch here but
you feel it over here I don't
know okay okay okay oh
man was homoerotic Vibes on the
bingo I think that's the middle Square
should be the free the free
one um what is this stupid show um most
valuable piece of attack oh right right
right okay so what do I value I value my
Nas the Nas is the one I would save in a
fire okay I'd
try yeah good luck yeah
um oh man I have cloud backup of the
things I really care about now that you
said the save in a fire thing like I I
wouldn't save any of my tech in a fire
you wouldn't even take your
phone if it's not already in my pocket
there's probably other things I have the
birds I mean that figuratively you do
not save anything in a fire unless it
has a beating heart yeah yeah yeah I but
like I mean even just like I don't know
my phone I don't even like it yeah um I
I I'm not going to replace it cuz I'm
too cheap but I I'm not a fan of it so
like whatever I if I can grab it on the
way out sure it's just that I'm a little
hurt right
now why because that Bulbasaur computer
was handcrafted by my children would
love and you would not choose that as
your most valuable Tech Charizard's
going to win in this fight
um it's so big and heavy and it's like I
I'd have to if I don't unplug it it's
going to be stuck I'm just waiting for
him to bring up his Squirtle
again got
him oh Casey B said what about your
birds yeah that's essentially the
problem right like yeah but how do you
like save a bird in a fire like they
don't have clipped wings literally I'd
have to grab the cage and just run okay
the cage as long as you have the cage
then they have a chance if they're out
of the cage it's probably just over um
if there's smoke and they're out of the
cage there are tricks to be able to
catch them really um you have to make
they have oddly enough I always thought
the opposite for the longest time but
birds have ter at least budgies maybe
this isn't true but all oh interesting
terrible night vision Oh I thought you
say they're territorial no go ahead owls
have fantastic night vision as far as I
know but budgies have terrible night
vision so if you just turn the lights
low they can't see anything and I can
just catch them Oh I thought you meant
like catch them outside no no no no no
no if they get outside they're they're
pretty gone there is ways to catch them
in that case but that's like a process
it's not yeah Tran Dart no they would
definitely die they 30 the size of the a
really small one obviously I'm not an
idiot I think I've told I think I've
told the story on wano but have I told
you the story about how we were trying
to catch that person's buddy that got
out yeah I was walking around a park
with a bird cage and a speaker playing
bird noises looking absolutely insane
yeah yeah yeah um yeah that's how you
catch them cuz they hear other birds and
they're like oh okay that's good and
they see occas like well that's where
food often is right so I'll go there and
then you just close the door nice but
then you have to figure out where the
heck they are right so that can be rough
put an air tag on
it then it wouldn't fly away yeah that's
true that's true hey oh speaking of pets
uh we got two new cats yeah yep your arm
is what I was pointing at oh yeah right
I told the story last week yeah so we
how's that going great they are super
super well socialized they are yeah on
day one they were like scampering around
climbing everything sitting in our laps
couldn't believe it couldn't believe it
the sitting your laughs part is pretty
crazy are they integrating with the
other cats at all day one
wow yeah just they are they for
practically any animal they be chilling
we put a little I found a cheap uh cat
tree on Craigslist and our Facebook
Marketplace and just like put it in the
bathroom where they're staying while we
keep them isolated from the other cats
yeah how long do you have to do that oh
they want they want to see show the
class okay yeah here I'll send it I'll
I'll uh I'll I'll message it to Dan Dan
yep how long do you have to do the
isolation for we don't have to anything
but they have fleas and we can't treat
them for another 3 weeks God and that
also gives the other cats a little bit
of time to kind of smell that
something's going on and um it also
gives these guys a little bit of time to
get a little bigger and you know stuff
and stuff are they
um you said they have fleas and there
was a picture of Aon sitting with them
yeah so we're just you just watch take
your clothes off wash them after you
yeah that makes sense um and
realistically we're just going to have
to like everything after anyway so yeah
yeah it is what it is yeah we're over it
yeah that's fair enough yeah Birds
usually do like a month even if there's
no known issues just quarantine for a
month yeah
yep oh they're at the top of the dock oh
okay I thought you were just going to
put them up okay so uh here's uh here's
my
wife um I managed to catch her yawning
is that cute or what that's pretty cute
oh shoot
what leaked my wife's [__] oh
my that's the best one yet anyway uh
here's them ridiculous are they cute or
what
yes they seem to be getting along quite
well as well yeah that's good yep we'll
see we'll see the what the other cats
think have so many
now yeah we're up to five
that's that's
like we're we're getting pretty close to
crazy cat lady territory what is the
what is the line there oh I think we're
is it five or you pass it like if you
got one more are you now officially
crazy cat lady we see it as a ratio we
are a household of five people so you're
we only actually have a one cat to one
person ratio that doesn't seem that
crazy if we had 15
cats well there'd need to be an inter
vention of some
sort I don't know a lot of people have
two
cats yeah but they have two people
usually yeah you got five people there
10 cats yeah totally totally reasonable
10 I think 10 would be fine
yeah pretty reasonable no yeah it's
about the ratio Luke no I don't think
it's okay I think it it can be at least
partially about the ratio but it also
has to be if you and I had two wives
then it would be fine as long as there's
two of
us right
so it's
fine as long as between the two of us we
don't have say Six
Wives here in Canada anyway yes oh he
doing the cult other than in Bounty pool
yeah yeah there like there's like a cult
town in yeah in BC we're not really sure
how that works no we want to do the cult
Town L that's only YouTube that's not me
LTT Li Tech toown yeah it's already
named it's already named what about
second
and then the and then where we do the uh
where we do the bizarre experimentation
on people could be LTT
Labs perfect it writes itself
yeah that's that's amazing yeah I love
it um LOL e blue
oysters that was pretty
good not good pretty it was pretty good
it took me a second I was like oh yeah
that is a thing um speaking of things
that are oh yeah a thing uh sponsors the
show is brought to you today by MSI
School season is starting soon oh look
at
you time to that's not a real picture
yeah it is well not the face no the face
has been altered pretty notably um the
hair much legit the clothes are legit
yeah I was actually wearing overalls
like that what does the shirt say
walking restraining order waiting to
happen don't worry about
it I liked funny shirts from Warehouse
one I did the same thing time to drag
your legs to class but don't let a slow
laptop drag your grades down whether
you're crunching numbers coding or
gaming after school MSI has you covered
they offer a wide selection of laptops
gaming PCs GPS and more check out the
MSI cyborg 14 an entry-level gaming
laptop that's sleek and Powerful perfect
for gamers students or student Gamers or
gaming students it's equipped with a
14in full HD screen an Nvidia 4000
series GPU and an Intel Core i7
processor if that's not quite what
you're looking for MSI has plenty of
other laptops on sale so be a good
student and check out msi's back
toschool deals at the link in the
description missed opportunity be a good
student and study MSI back to school
deals there I redid that for you uh the
show is also brought to you by antline
Audio do you feel the need to scream at
your friend cuz they won't stop
feeding we had the wrong face in here it
should have been Luke's face cuz I'm the
feeder don't worry we've got a solution
for you now you can attach a mic to any
headphones thanks for our sponsor
antline Audio Oh wait did you have to
finish the thing I want to see the thing
land on the thing do it again Dan we're
waiting
nice their clasp system uses premium
adhesive so it won't damage the surface
and it's safe for metal plastic wood and
other materials you can twist pull or
remove the mic easily plus their new mod
mic USB 2 and mod mic uni 2 feature an
upgraded mic capsule for better sound
quality and improved background noise
reduction so your friends will hear you
loud and clear and if you prefer
Wireless they have that too what was I
even looking at there just find the one
that suits your needs and slap a mic on
any headset or Surface in seconds that's
sick actually antline audio offers a
2-year warranty and a 30-day return
policy so you can shop with confidence
they're available on antline audio.com
Amazon and several other retailers we've
included a link in the video description
these guys have been doing great stuff
for a long long time I remember seeing
their first product and I was like oh
that's really smart oh yeah I agree I
just I didn't know they had Wireless
Solutions and then they took the whole
thing and they made it like smarter yeah
cool great job you guys the show is also
brought to you by pulseway do you have
more important things to do during work
hours our sponsor pulseway keeps an eye
on your it systems so you don't have to
whether you're on a run or binging your
favorite show pulse ways got your back
are we really encouraging this Behavior
oh my
God uh sorry that blindsided me um
coffee or cool pulseway simplifies it
management uh sorry by giving you
complete visibility into your network no
matter where you are now with mobile
device management MDM included pway
gives you full control over workstations
servers and mobile devices all from your
phone it's compatible with with any
operating system making it your
all-in-one solution for monitoring
managing and troubleshooting your it
environment there's also a limited time
offer for our viewers to get 40% off
their plans so try pulseway for free
today with no commitment at lmg g/
lt23 um we actually did a sponsored
video with pulseway earlier this week
that I'm very excited about we added um
some automations to the water cooled
rack that will hopefully prevent
disaster again oh yeah that seems good
so with pulseway we can shut down all
the systems in the event of our Leak
Detectors uh sensing liquid uh we can
shut off our um there's a relay for the
pumps Jake created like a bunch of
automations and stuff so basically
everything will be fine that's awesome
go Jake yep it'll be good uh what else
what else what else we got going on here
today what do you want to talk about um
I think we have another title topic
which one was it oh yeah new version of
Windows unlocks crazy rise in
performance boost yeah early tests of
amd's uh Branch prediction improvements
in the upcoming 23 H2 version of Windows
11 show significant performance jumps in
most games Hardware Lux found
improvements between 13 and 41% for
Starfield wow for all the dozens of
people playing that game still great job
this one's maybe a little better 4 to
61% for cyberpunk this is a huge Delta
um and roughly 10 to roughly 20%
improvements for F1
2024 uh depending on CPU hardware and
boxed found a 2 to 4% Improvement in
Halo infinite but a 30 uh 30 plus%
Improvement for Gears 5 and 13%
Improvement for Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six
Siege Hardware on box also found similar
numbers to Hardware Lux for F1 uh 24 go
check those videos out for more
information um Microsoft has also
backported the improvements into an
optional update for the current version
of Windows oh that's exciting as well
excellent so um yeah great work keep it
up uh maybe next time you know at launch
would be better yeah wait for that
update letting everybody know you're
using an admit account and you know
stuff like that would be really good
that'd be nice um what else we got this
week um there were a lot of people
calling on me to
how do I put this to kind of do a
takeown of um hold on let me just uh I
want to actually bring up the the topics
dock because uh I actually wrote some of
my own thoughts in there and I they
didn't necessarily make their way into
the dock itself so there were there were
people particularly on Reddit calling on
me to do like a takedown of Austin
evans's video on the framework 13 um he
published a review yesterday um talking
about a lot of the downsides of the the
hyper reparable modular laptop
investment disclosure I'm invested in
framework um some of the downsides he
identified were the relatively high
price for the performance uh
construction compromises for the sake of
modularity the genericness of the
keyboard um there's actually some stuff
he talked about that isn't necessarily
in my notes here he talked about um the
the leg for framework to have the latest
processors
um
but I guess what I'm sort of trying to
ask is why would I be doing a takedown
of his
video his
conclusion was that essentially it
wasn't for him he didn't see the value
of it and this this ties directly back
into the same thing that I've been
complaining about which is not all
reviewer people need to agree with each
other and that's okay um
Austin doesn't need to agree with your
take if it even if it's even different
than your take but that's the thing is I
don't even think he did if you watch the
whole video and if you listen it's 20
minutes long like it's long and if you
listen to everything he says he talks a
lot about the positive things as well
it's actually pretty balanced um and I
think actually the a lot of the neg he's
getting roasted for it seems like it and
I think a lot of the negativity toward
the video actually demonstrates what a
good job he did of outlining the
compelling things about the framework
and particularly the framework 13
because everyone who watched his video
disagrees with his conclusion because he
actually did a really great job of
outlining everything that's super good
about it um there are a there are a
couple of things that you know if I was
to have a private conversation with them
I might say yeah here's you know
something here's an alternate
perspective or whatever else
but I I don't know it was
it was kind of disheartening for me um
to see the people who were looking for
some kind of drama or showdown between
me and Austin there won't be there
shouldn't be he gave his opinion he
didn't make it personal nothing he said
was personal everything he said was his
opinion based on his time his experience
with the product um and he has different
priorities I saw a couple people
criticizing the laptop that he compared
it to saying that it wasn't like for
like the one that he found for half the
price that had the same processor in it
or whatever else and and you know what
that's fair but Austin's
priorities might not be those things
that are better about the framework 13
and I think you'd have to be a complete
Fanboy you'd have to be duded to look at
the framework 13 and say it's the best
value laptop we don't even use them
internally here and there's a variety of
reasons for that a lot of our folks
prefer touchscreen framework still
doesn't have a touchcreen option that's
feedback I've been giving them on an
ongoing basis um the cost is not
necessarily the most competitive for
what the spec is there are departments
where we have at least considered
rolling them out and the ability to
upgrade them over time is a key part of
that the abil the ease with which you
can get replacement parts is a key part
of that but it's not going to be perfect
for every environment and guys
investment or no investment I would
never tell you that it's the perfect
thing for every environment
like look the second that I turn into a
framework salesman you should stop
buying Frameworks and you should stop
watching LT that hasn't happened and it
never will it's
ridiculous um yeah like what's uh hold
on I saw I saw a comment from someone
that was like it felt like I think it
was crystal it felt like he missed the
point but he didn't he outlined the
point really well he actually talked in
detail about the point and about the
benefit is and I I don't agree with his
conclusion which is fine yeah which is
totally fine but what I do respect is
the way that he outlined both sides
before he presented his conclusion
giving you an opportunity to be armed
with the facts and decide if you agree
with him or
not I don't
know I uh I'm just so I'm so done with
everybody having having to agree and and
if we disagree not being able to do it
in a manner that is
respectful yeah you should get multiple
perspectives I have always said that and
the only perspective that I won't accept
is the perspective that you don't need
multiple perspectives there is no one
truth there is no one answer it is never
that simple you could look at the best
benchmarks taken in the most scientific
manner but if the most important thing
to you is turning on all of the eye
candy with a bunch of mods those
benchmarks are never going to be the
most relevant thing to you because in
the interest of repeatability they can
never use those
mods it's never black and white
literally
never just I'm tired of it man tired of
it it's really frustrating uh speaking
of frustrating Ubisoft patch resets
player progress for Star Wars Outlaws
several hours after the launch of the
paid 3-day Early Access for Star Wars
Outlaws Ubisoft sent PS5 players an
email telling them to install a day one
patch that's a weird way of
communicating that but sure uh the patch
fixes some potentially game-breaking
bugs such as one that could lead to the
player being forever stranded in space
but it also requires players to restart
from a new
save o according to Ubisoft pre patch
save files will face issues and
progression blockers um as compensation
Ubisoft is giving these players an
in-game cosmetic called a Trailblazer
trinket and 100 Ubisoft connect units is
that a belly button ring or
what what kind of Trail we blazing I
have no idea it says AKA loyalty points
oh my god get some
treasure oh my goodness uh it says AKA
loyalty points I don't know what connect
units are whatever I have no idea uh the
deluxe editions that include this 3-day
Early Access period cost $40 to $60 on
top of the price of the base game um
some players lost 15 hours of play
time okay so here's my
thing save
data should be
compensated at
dude yeah dude the first time I did it
wasn't work it was play it's definitely
going to feel like work the second time
it's definitely work the second time a
lot of game probably this this is one of
the things that makes me so angry about
Nintendo just they do a lot of things
that are really great they make great
games I'm going to keep giving them my
money like but the way that they hold
your save data
hostage if you don't buy their online
subscription is
actually like I I can't make an argument
for why it should be criminal but I wish
it was yeah it's so ridiculous the fact
that you can't back up that save data in
any other way just so angry and so
looking at this the fact that people had
to pay
extra to have to do work essentially
doing QA for Ubisoft a multi-billion
doll company I just I can't I can't
abide it I speaking of this is a little
off topic but um in the realm of how you
were like yeah Nintendo's Mak some great
stuff I they make really frustrating
other things but I'll just keep giving
them my money because they make great
games uh Mr Mr dankpods over there has a
video his most recent video It's called
it's time to change it's time for
Linux and he basically talks in this
video and you watch it yourself what
year is it the year of Linux desktop is
it the year is it the year of Linux
desktop it's
go ahead go ahead it's it's a great
video it has half a million views
already um we're not going to watch it
although it is it is you know this type
of stuff uh but you should go watch it
yourself even if you're not going to
switch to Linux honestly I think it's
just a
really I mean he's been doing this for a
long time he's really good at it it's a
very good video um but he talks about a
lot of like good stuff and he talks
about how like people have flamed him
for switching to Linux but then he talks
about how those same people are the
people that say you should like vote
with your wallet on things and he's
unhappy with with what's happening with
Mac OS and he's unhappy with what's
happening with Windows he talked about
how like you buy this operating system
then you get ads in it which yeah that's
ridiculous dude I tried to install an
unsigned driver on Mac OS that was for
like I I had to clear like four or five
different prompts and dig into the
settings in order to yeah it was it was
wild yeah I was trying to get an old
printer working and actually this was
where I was going to get into year of
Linux one of the things that is still
just very difficult with Linux was we
needed a Linux desktop like quick
because we were just trying to see if
like this old printer would work with it
and I was like steam deck I'll just grab
a steam deck that's like the the closest
atand machine and you just reboot it in
desktop mode it doesn't even reboot I
don't think it just switches fires up
the desktop environment
and valve didn't include any of the
printer stuff because why would they I
guess on a game console except that it's
supposedly a desktop computer and it's
it's just completely not there and it's
like you could get it but it's going to
be annoying he talks in the video about
how there's every time I touch it it's
just okay yeah side quest he talks about
that it's like if froto had to put the
ring in Mount Doom okay but first he had
to go play World of Warcraft Harvest a
bunch of pigs and then he had to go you
know get the in-game gold and get it on
a USB and personally deliver it to
freaking like I You could argue there's
some side questing in Lord of the Rings
okay you could argue that there's
there's a fair amount okay it's like he
had to put the ring in the Mount Doom
but first he had to go and Fight The
Wraith ring wraiths I don't know I never
read the book and he had to talk to Tom
Bombadil which is where I stop reading
Phil of the Ring every single time yeah
that's it he had to talk to Tom Bombadil
the actually scariest character in the
whole book dude the guy's deranged
uh but yeah anyways every time I I've
tried to read that book like three or
four times can't get past it and I'm not
the kind of person who can just skip
yeah and I don't think there'll ever be
an Abridged Lord of the Rings has
someone done it have they actually
published and I'm I'm going to look it
up bridged
Fellowship version I'm not counting that
whether you're interested in Linux or
not honestly I would go watch the video
I think it's really good I think it's I
think it's extremely based for consumers
to just not by into things that they
actually really hate um so I strongly
support what he's
doing this is so
pompous it is not possible even at Great
length to pot the Lord of the Rings in a
paragraph or two it was begun in 1936
and every part has been written many
times hardly a word in it 600,000 or
more has been unconsidered and the
pacing style size and contribution to
the whole of all the features incidents
and chapters has been laboriously
pondered you could have prach the Lord
of the
Rings uh yeah dra rayu in full plane
chat said a bridged lot or yeah lotr is
the movies yeah I guess which is kind of
true but the the books are still why
didn't they just take the birds That's
The Abridged one oh just go on the big
Crow and then just drop it in from the
sky and then uh woo we saved the
hobbles the
hobbles there you go lord of the 30
minute
short Zap rosow Says those are tolk's
words I know that doesn't make them not
pompous
[Music]
yeah I carefully hold on hold on what's
the hold on what's the
line my use of that word was laboriously
pondered oh man anyway I kind of respect
it though I don't think you should have
Bridget
um if you can't stomach bomb bombad bomb
bomil if you can't stomach Tom bombil
just whatever just move
on it's part of the damage take some
damage I just I want someone else to do
the work for me I don't want to have to
skim I don't want to skim to see when
the boring part is over like leave I
want the important parts I don't want to
have to Wade through this slop in order
to get like an interesting conversation
that takes place or something I think if
you're really trying to understand the
actual and he was actually very into
this um as someone who has read the
Similan and uh what is it called the
Sons of hurin or whatever it's called
and all all the other books U I think
he's trying to help you understand the
world and understanding Tom Bombadil
does help with understanding the world
oh my God I'm so bored
feels out of
place you're so tedious right now it's
funny cuz you actually look more tired
oh
yeah oh yeah 100%
yeah anyways uh you could read the
book's comments
yeah you probably can like does good
reads have a comment section good reads
l
it it has votes does it have
comments uh there there are reviews
they're reviews not comments there's
comments on the reviews there we go
Cliff's
Notes oh no let's go no let's go oh easy
peasy next The Two Towers let's
go B Of Orcs capture Mar and Pippen
kills barir yeah maror spoiler alert uh
although treated roughly by by the Orcs
Mary and Pippen remain unharmed when
hear him attack the hobbits run to
safety of the forest y yeah this seems
pretty good okay you know what I'm just
going to go with this I don't need to
read the books now to be clear I'm a
reader I actually am a reader I have I
have I have read you know thick books
and stuff it's not that I'm incapable
thick books I've read thick books and
stuff I just can't get through Tom
Bombadil it's insufferable I've read
thick books and I can't be fictitious I
can't be fictitious yeah wait and I no
cap what are you even saying yeah that
basically all right um yeah I read the
thickest books
um yes I've considered skipping him
that's what Luke tells me to do every
time no someone should help someone
should have to look my that that's not
my point my point is just that it's not
that I am I don't have the attention
span to read Tom Bombadil is a is a
difficult section of the book it's
really stupid between that and the UN
ending descriptions of mountains I'm
just
like if I want to know what a mountain
looks like I will literally just open my
door and walk outside and touch grass I
have mountains right there some people
don't but I do I don't need that book
for them oh so now we're hating on
mountains no I love hot dogs and
hamburgers I like hamburger patties that
are made of hot dog meat I'm going no I
don't think anyone would like that would
that be would that be good that's not a
hamburger patty sausage patty sausage
patty a sausage patty and also hot dog
meat is not sausage sausage is awful hot
dog is a whole other level pork patties
pork patties hot dogs made of ground
beef okay hold on what are we even
breakfast sausage patties did we just
did we just invent food I think we might
have just invented food
I think we invented a
food I think I'm going to go hike into
the mountains and read Lord of the Rings
in the mountains so I can read
descriptions of mountains while on a
mountain you're totally not going to do
that probably not but I am going for a
hike on Monday but anyways you're not
going to take Lord of the Rings with you
that'd be so that'd be so lame yeah
that'd be so lame you wouldn't be able
to hike on the
[Laughter]
mountain oh man you've been you've been
on one today you've been good I'm spicy
today you've been quick with those
um police using AI to write
reports um that's dumb axon formerly
known as Taser International
is is selling soft evil Company Inc axon
axon
axon is selling software to law
enforcement that uses AI to create draft
police reports from body cam footage
called called draft one notably they're
also the dominant vendor for police body
cameras in the United States at least
some police departments such as the
Oklahoma City police are already using
draft one the software is only intended
to create a draft that an officer can
then review and edit into a final report
there's no way this could go wrong both
because the AI is not 100% reliable and
also because an officer who testifies in
court needs to be consistent with
written accounts authored under their
name yeah they can't just read it before
they go to court that'll never happen
let's see how this goes it'll surely not
be terrible guaranteed to be terrible
it'll surely not be terrible what a joke
H people suck so much wait where did my
where did my note on this go what
happened to my notes on this what notes
on what or wait hold on did I not have
notes on this maybe I had notes on
something
else
um no oh oh man I was missing one of my
really good notes on something the nonch
shutting down thing I had wanted to talk
about how one of the big challenges is
um that there's no money in you
know the the the the the the the written
media format that a ntech so yeah relies
on any I think it's also that the the
techy space is a higher percentage of ad
block users ad block hits things like uh
static web ads kind of the hardest uh
there's no money there I know there's
there's review sites of more Normy
things that do a lot better because
lower ad Tech is going to basically Tech
is going to eat its own tail by you know
automating automating things to death
and I was I was like reminded of that
when I saw this uh post on r/ Hardware
about our Snapdragon for a month
challenge where someone used an AI
generated summary to basically there
save you 18 minutes and it's like you
realize that an AI
can't use these laptops in a real world
situation um and then report on that
unless someone is actually doing the
work um like
it's yep good luck everybody
yep it's it's super it's that that
that's a weird
Community yeah it's it's super weird the
uh
yeah how sort of tentative and scared
people have to be to say I thought it
was a good video
there man the tribalism is
a it's a whole thing anyway good luck
everybody uh nice hash according to
multiple Reports online Crypt broker
nice has has sent out an email
announcing they'll be charging a $6 a
month service fee to users with inactive
accounts starting on October 1st
according to the email users can avoid
the service fee by simply engaging in an
activity on the platform such as buying
or selling crypto it does not mention
account deactivation as an option but
many have rushed to do so
regardless I guarantee I know why
they're doing this they also implemented
a series of other fees including $10 to
change your account's email
address look at
this
H so um reset TFA 10 bucks recover
account 10 bucks serious 10
bucks okay you said you know why they're
doing this other than just being okay
this part I don't know the previous part
I thought it was just cuz they probably
had a lot of stagnant accounts from like
the absolute peak of GPU Mining and
they're sitting there with all these
stagnant accounts that have Bitcoin
sitting in them like I can slowly drain
these out from people that are not
paying attention to their accounts even
if hey you know maybe I sort of forgot
about that account cuz it only had like
10 bucks in it I did this over like a
few weeks with my GPU and then sort of
forgot it existed over time and you know
10 bucks would be nice but it wasn't
impactful enough that I I sort of forgot
about it you can drain that out but you
do that to 10,00,000 a million now it
starts being a big deal so you can just
but I don't know extremely highly
monetizing their customer support was
not a a curveball I expected to come
right after that so now I don't know
well anyway we don't work with them
anymore uh we did one sponsored video
with them back when they seemed pretty
chill it blew up anyways yeah people
were mad about it and hey yeah maybe
they're maybe they're [__] so great
I'm glad we stopped working with them
yeah like this one line the monthly
service fee for inactive accounts yeah I
suspect they're just you know if you're
going to ignore it we're going to drain
it which isn't a good thing but I
understand why they're doing
it the FBI is bad at shredding hard
drives apparently this seemed a lot more
interesting when I was first reading it
but yeah basically government not do
things properly sometimes and this is
really exciting man there's been so much
good like Pro labor news lately and like
Pro you know like regular people news
there's been some bad news uh like there
was the Canadian government mandating
the rail workers back to work that was
not super cool but this is super cool uh
following a year-long investigation the
US National Labor Relations Board has
found that Amazon is a joint employer of
subcontracted drivers that work for its
partner companies in Palmdale California
Amazon's refusal then to negotiate with
their currently striking Union was
thereby determined to be illegal the
company was likewise determined to have
made unlawful threats I have no idea
what the actual impact will be on Amazon
but this is sick being able to just hire
a firm that can be spun up and closed
down or uh contracted and not contracted
at on a whim being able to hide behind
that and essentially not have to pay
people living wages and not have to
treat them properly is such a broken
loophole in I was going to say the
American system but as far as I can tell
it's like basically a lot of places and
it's gross and this is this is far from
a death blow but this is a this is a
good start so let's let's do away with
that at least one person checked their
nice hash account because of that thing
and found 150
bucks so maybe go check your nice
account yeah go check your nice has
account take get the money out of there
and then run away like back when it was
cool it was actually pretty convenient
and pretty cool which is why we worked
with them
um definitely get your money out before
they take it
found like $4.50 nice 40 bucks 15
bucks someone said a lot somewhere I
don't remember what it was like a few
hundred oh right all right anyway all
good are you good oh yeah okay it's time
for w show after dark oh very
nice it'll take him a second oh yeah
Dan's on
this man what was it going to talk about
you know I left here my my whole life I
had never been to the cultist lake water
slides really never not once have you
been have you done the 72t drop
one uh is it super new I don't know if
it's not super new then yes cuz I had
it's basically like a vertical drop yeah
they had uh they had kind of two that
were sort of like that one of them was
the tand the wavy one there's no tandem
they only have one on the wavy one now
no I mean sorry uh it was it was still a
really steep drop but it was the bowl oh
no not that oh man we put my dad my
brother and I all in one tube and did
the bowl and my dad was able to touch
the the lip on the other side we got so
much it was
awesome we used to go to call this all
the time um yeah it was good all right
anyway yeah no I'd never been so F
finally went Prett yeah yeah it was good
pretty good time that was fun yeah um
let's see what else is new found 170
bucks people people just keep chiming in
like they find a bunch of money in there
yeah go go get that money yeah get money
it might be zero but if it's not hey you
got something spend it on LTT store woo
let's go I don't believe that one yeah I
don't well I mean you never know some
people pretty broy yeah true you own any
crypto right now no yeah I got nothing
I'm out dude yeah I get it I'm there's
been a bunch of times where I've called
it and I like could have made money but
I just at this point in time I just
don't want to follow it exactly I don't
want to put the effort in I'm sure if I
did I could make some money but there's
other things I can do I don't like
remember my passcodes on my like Ledger
also just like another job basically
yeah I
just I just don't care anymore I think
I'm out Y and like it's you know which
exchange is the one that's like probably
going to disappear and take all your
money this time I've got a buddy that
you know but
I'm not name that's super into it and
has
made oh yeah disgusting money oh
yeah and continues to to be honest doing
great oh yeah proud of the boy but it's
yeah he pours a lot of work into it it's
his job job that's what he does so it's
like okay cool but I don't want to do
that I'm doing other stuff so it is what
it is we all got our things I have 5K
nice hash not even joking completely
forgot BTC was like 15K back then oh
nice sick okay yeah good for you I guess
that makes sense if it wasn't
necessarily super valuable back then but
it's gone up a huge amount yeah it's
it's sitting pretty good right now okay
yeah so like $359 .71 in my nice hash
don't forgety don't forget who reminded
you LT store.com LT store.com full
subscriptions oh my we need to allow
people to gift them are we working on
gifting subscriptions now but we will be
that is a plan um there is
a man how much of the stuff do I want to
say I don't know I don't know how about
a lot of it no let's have another
business
meeting uh well there's a there's a huge
thing that we're working on that I
legitimately cannot talk about um why
would you even tell me that then well
you know you know about it I don't
remember you'll have to tell me you'll
have to remind me nope um and as part of
doing that there are some
things coming that will be good upgrades
I heard back from David um he said
pretty insane $177,000 after fees and
shipping so even without giving away
some of his cool pieces or not giving
away but even without auctioning some of
his cool pieces he's still way up on
what he spent on his collection okay so
he is up Savvy buyer he's up Savvy buyer
very cool yeah good for
him
yeah yeah
all right yeah after dark it's already
after dark you're after dark you're
doing it your face is after dark got him
yeah
yeah I'm going to read you a merch
message now hi L last week was the first
Wan show I've missed since 2019 because
wow weak you're weak because I was
getting oh how do you let that happen I
read ahead that's why I was I should
have resed W yeah that that seems like
things in life are important partner
needs to understand that yeah why didn't
you put it on like a screen there you
were on the streak now you're off the
streak yeah weak yeah you're not a
streak anymore you're a stain a stain on
this show on this institution Jess you
let that
marinate okay sorry what was the oh okay
right what's your favorite memory from
your wedding we were just busy Bering
you oh I'm sorry why why are you two
divorcing each other are Miss wo he miss
wo I just can't live with this
man he's intolerable ever
since oh okay hold on we're going to
come back to this for a second uh you
had me put letter Kenny on my Plex
server
yeah I watched a few
episodes I didn't think you'd get it at
all I never suggested you watch it I
just wanted to watch it um okay you
didn't think I'd get it I mean there's
an entire episode about fart jokes get
it I didn't think you'd necessar people
sharing their farts each other wait
you've watched that far you like it I
I've watched three episodes I can't tell
if it's like stupid funny or just
[__] stupid like I just I it's
actually great what I think you might
legitimately like more is shy uhhuh okay
yeah I didn't suggest you watch this at
all people said fartbook is the worst
episode well that's good because it's
not very good fartbook was pretty rough
okay it's like super campy just some
like dudes in Canada doing with they can
shy is shy is better in my opinion yeah
okay yeah a lot of people are like I
like letter Kenny but Shy's better the
sh's far superior to letter Kenny if
you're going to watch one of them watch
shy all right yeah okay anyway um but I
didn't I didn't recommend you watch
either yeah I I'm just yeah I'm just
yeah I uh for me letter Kenny was side
monitor content okay that was funny
sometimes okay sh's like actually pretty
good okay all right um so favorite
memory from my
wedding um it's hard to pick one Luke
wasn't there
so um no no he that's not cuz he like
missed it we he didn't know me yet um
favorite memory from my wedding yeah I
met you like right afterwards I think
like man how do I pick favorite it's
hard there's it's such an emotional day
it's such a roller coaster you know like
everything was chaos we were we were
late for our own um I think that's
surprisingly common uh yeah well like
like the reception I think you're saying
no not the reception the like the actual
ceremony like we were we we were
slightly late for it everyone was like
already seated and like ready to go and
we rolled in because like our our
wedding day shoot ran a little bit late
and like um the weather was incredible
like we we got married in l April and we
did that cuz it was cheaper um cuz as
long as you're not in May the rates are
way lower cuz the chances of the weather
were in Vancouver so the chances of the
weather being good in April are hit or
miss and the whole day was on andof
showers but it was like the skies
cleared every time we needed to be
outside and then it rained the second we
needed to go inside like it was actually
kind of magical that's cool um like it
was sprinkling and then we had our
outdoor ceremony and and then as people
were heading inside it started
sprinkling again I was like wow this is
incredible and then it was clear for our
shoot in the morning which was also
outside um like the whole thing was just
kind of incredible um you know obviously
there's like like you know the moment
you know the Rings and she's walking up
the aisle and we had bubbles everyone in
the in the audience had like bubble
blowers so there was like bubbles
everywhere which was really cool
um Ivan tearing up the Dance Floor was
definitely a highlight
that has to
be um that's the Ivan that used to work
here we were colleagues at NC before he
worked here
um just the
like breathing afterward when it was
over I could see that and kind of going
I think we threw a really good party you
know I could see that um CU it's kind of
like it was the first thing we
accomplished as a married couple sure
was to to throw a hell of a party is
kind of the way that we saw it because
um Yvonne had like an emotional
breakdown in the leadup to the wedding
realizing that she had completely lost
control over like you know what do you
mean we're doing it this way what do you
mean we have this now why are people I I
understand the desire to contribute but
I actually didn't want that there don't
bring it here and like and I basically
was like
hun it's not about
you like yes this is your wedding but
this is but your mom is marrying her
first daughter yeah it there's it's for
there's other stakeholders cuz she was
like I don't even know a lot of these
people that are there and just like you
know like a lot of yeah a lot of really
tough stuff so it was basically like
look here's the
deal let's just go with the
flow and what we're going to do is on
our honeymoon we're going to take our
wedding finery and we're just going to
what about second ceremony with just you
and me and a witness and we'll like
we'll have someone over we'll do we'll
do the donkey ride through the the town
we'll do a new we'll do a new wedding
photo shoot we'll do we'll we're just
going it's not going to have any legal
significance or anything we'll sign the
documents at home obviously but if that
will allow us to just detach from this
and just have fun with whatever it is
and and lose control a little bit of of
of the details and then and then it
won't matter if
you know the the the we don't have
enough cake or if we or or if someone
isn't able to or if we don't we never
got to eat the food we just we had so
many people there because because our
families wanted to invite people that we
didn't even know but we went around and
you know had FaceTime with everyone
which back then meant seeing people face
to face not using your phone um so we we
we were able
to just throw a party and enjoy everyone
else enjoying it and US enjoying that
and enjoying Parts ourselves and like
there was stuff that we just weren't
that into like some of the first dance
stuff and you know that other people it
was really important to other people for
tradition and stuff and then so so
before we had this sort of frame of mind
change um that was causing a lot of
stress and I was like look the worst
thing for this day is for it to cause
stress oh yeah that not what anybody
will benefit from and I think the the
approach of like we'll just do it how
you want on our own sort of version of
it thing if you can afford to do that I
think that's super sick because then
yeah I think it helps release some of
the pent up like cuz some people they
wait for that for their entire life so
like if anything is slightly off they're
going to go crazy over it so being able
to let go with that is cool crystal says
yikes shouldn't a wedding be about the
couple sure in theory in practice the
world the world is never that clean yeah
it's just not that clean and at a
certain point and you can you can fight
for that cuz sure enough that's true but
you can fight for that but it's going to
be a fight yeah and you can have lines
like you you you can absolutely have
boundaries but at the end of the
day are you willing to damage a
relationship over it what is a wedding
Maybe
depends on the thing yeah
but is it worth it depends on the thing
that's the question you got to ask
yourself yeah you got to ask yourself is
it worth it I'm trying to think of my my
brother's wedding my brother's wedding
went fantastically well but I can think
of a range of things that could have
happened that I I probably would have
like shielded him from needing to burn
Bridges but I would have burnt Bridges
with
ferocity and like it's just it you know
if certain things
happen you have topend there's that
boundary line that you're talking about
but there's there's some amount of
flexibility that you can have as well
yeah I mean and to be clear like you
know we were lucky we didn't have anyone
get totally wasted and say something
completely inappropriate or whatever
like it was never it was nothing like
that it was just preference things and
so you got to you got to ask yourself is
my preference really worth this fight
does it actually really matter you might
also at the exact same time that that's
happening start start questioning why
this thing with that person would need
to be a fight and you can you can kind
of like strategically reposition these
relationships as you go but it might not
be worth having that battle but you have
to kind of keep in mind that that person
brought it to that point trouble but
love it my wife and I eloped a few
months before the wedding because we'd
already lost so much control to her
parents who were paying for it we went
into our big wedding then with so little
stress because at that point it was just
a regular party with a little Recreation
at the beginning that's cool and if you
play your cards right there's some
Recreation at the end
too yeah that's cool um I like that
yeah sup LTT live in a closet guy here
again nice I bought
psvr2 as for Content consumption without
a PS5 lus if you tried psvr2 on PC yet
thoughts also is merch messages end to
end encrypted
given we're going to read them out I
think it's irrelevant but um I think I
think they're just asking silly
questions I
am here I'm sure you can answer but yeah
am I quantum computer safe um I haven't
I haven't tried psvr2 on PC yet I I
probably should play around with it but
um yeah it's it's a it's a good headset
the fact that you need the adapter kind
of harms the value of the price a little
bit I kind of wish you didn't but
it seems like a pretty good play it
seems like a pretty good play I didn't
get it Insomniac and chat pointed it out
he's meeing on the telegram subject yeah
yeah I
didn't I was like was immediately ready
to defend his platform he's had a hard
week we can make it worse he's had a
hard
week we we can make there still time
it'll be
fine okay let's see uh Hey luk and Dan
as an in as infrastructure guys are
there any benefits to my jobs work from
home practice of having us remote into
PCS on our desk at the office instead of
virtualized PCS on the company
servers uh if they are relatively
unsophisticated than there could
be if everything is set up properly
there should be no reason that you can't
just use your system at home and like
like a like and and remote into a
virtualized PC from there yeah it
depends on the security level of the
things you're dealing with and sometimes
sometimes like if it's dumb and it works
it's not dumb and if they're just if
everything is just set up and then they
just don't have to change anything and
don't have to figure anything out if you
just remote into your
workstation yeah probably fine again
though it depends on the security level
of the things you're dealing with um
editing video is like sure okay do
whatever yeah pretty much but there's
like there's there's other things that
wouldn't be
good yeah sinus Lake and man you have
talked about poor search engine
algorithm functions recently your
thoughts on YouTube Shadow suppressing a
video and claiming the algorithm any way
to prove or disprove this sure I can
prove it when one of the Paul Brothers I
forget which one cuz they're both the
same to me um made the suicide forest
video at
yeah was it sure um and YouTube claimed
that they weren't suppressing the
channel but they like definitely
definitely were because you could search
for exactly the name of the channel and
it would be below the fold um there I
proved it yeah that was pretty wild
there was absolutely no way that that
wasn't a
thing yeah yep so they definitely
definitely can do that so okay cool hey
what happened to the thing at the top of
the of the merch message dashboard what
about it did I leak it too many times
and now it doesn't exist anymore no no
it's under partner spots one down you
probably minimized it oh stats there it
is I accidentally minimized it oh wow
you guys pre-ordered a lot of scribe
drivers I've just been I've been curious
all show I they're going to be gone
again um I don't know another another
10,000 of them I don't know man last
time what they lasted three days well
yeah
well surely there's a surely there's a
limit to the number of pens people need
like some number what could it be here
hold on let me see if I can write it
down on your arm
oh that was not that easy to get off
even and and I had to I had to explain
it just like the neck tattoos I forgot
it was there and I never like warned
Emma so she was like um
what I think she'd be used to it by now
in her defense it it wasn't like she was
mad she was just like what what's
happening more weird stuff okay yeah
sink plane says please stop selling
Prime in your venting machines guys I
said in the video they're they're just
they were just in there for testing I
don't know where they came from probably
they just like someone who works there
who doesn't even know who the Paul
brothers are grabbed a bunch of random
beverages don't worry about it it's fine
also they didn't taste that bad I tried
I tried them they were not bad
but
Luke is there anything in your frider
freezer from Nestle no then stop what
not a single
thing he's lying it's
impossible maybe that I didn't
buy here here we go
anything from any of these
Brands so far no no Arrowhead crackers
nope oh no Arrow Route I was thinking of
Arrow Route I'm looking
to this baby I'm not going to have that
one I'm not going to have bottled water
uh go to the go to the cial section
really quick it's top right uh no none
of those okay all right I'm safe too any
of this no is this all candy bars cuz
just no okay all right okay is it all
candy bars yeah okay so none of those I
don't drink coffee don't drink coffee
okay hold on go to
this the joural no I don't have any of
that stuff well I I don't know anything
from liby I Didn't Know Maggie was owned
by Nestle jees you want to know the Gat
code to this why I'm pretty sure I'm I'm
right why I eat chicken rice yeah that's
fine and uh yeah but Maggie is like a
seasoning it's like MSG and brown oh
season that's going to be I don't I me
what was really surprising have that
particular keep going it I don't have
meal replacements this looks like n
Replacements okay all right health
health ice cream Pet Care
no anything from P Pina for me I think I
didn't know that was Nestle I yeah Pina
one but no yeah I think cool I'm
throwing that out and the cat cuz it's
touched Nestle Now new cat new cat oh my
goodness Ru my point is just that if
you're going
to if you're going to be like no you
can't no my my problem isn't even who
it's supporting sure my problem is that
it it has hydration claims that are
not based on the ingredients not good
sure yeah I didn't say it was good for
you I said it tastes good yeah I'm sure
it probably does it just doesn't really
do the thing that it's trying to
publicly accomplished yeah that's fair
enough I mean that's my only like
Gatorade should we carry Gatorade
actually I think it Gatorade is pretty
good it has a lot of flavor but it does
have a significant amount of hydration
stuff in it it has good salts and and
things now who are they are they Pepsi I
don't know as power is Pepsi I think Gat
is and like so many uh of so many food
brands are like so bad I'm not trying to
take that stance there's no part of me
that's like Logan Paul is more evil than
Nestle or whatever else I don't care
about that that's that's whatever um
wait how do you even know about the
Prime in the uh in the in oh how what
how do they how do they know about the I
have no idea what how did what's going
on here video or a picture or something
it's in a video that's coming out I
think it's a picture on the Facebook
page perhaps May that oh watch the food
Theory video I didn't
actually
but I'm sure it's probably pretty good
here it is oh that's right no we talked
about we talked about it okay so the
video is
coming smash Champs August
update oh my God unrelease content on W
show no no no no a
leak from the chief Vision officer oh
wait this could be a problem one sec
what did you just do uh don't worry
about
it oh yeah save as a University of
Florida as a University of Florida hands
off our Gatorade what don't want to sell
things also you're you're a you are a
single unit of University of Florida
boom got him um anyway W so yeah this is
going to be a really great video it
starts with uh Dan getting an error when
he tries to let me into the building oh
this is one where all goes wrong
constantly yeah yeah yeah it's going to
be really good you guys are really going
to enjoy it but you're going to enjoy it
when we release it not now uh I I get to
play I get to play some badminton we
show the court cameras yeah you got to
play badminton like four times cuz I'm
incompetent sorry uh yeah Dan needed me
to do a lot of takes of this because he
kept not actually recording the take it
had been set up for 4 hours I had never
tested that it's funny so that was that
was pretty
exciting okay wait for oh oh oh oh that
did make it in cool yeah of course it
made it in nice oh yeah is this
legitimately unlisted by the way uh no
it's private now cool all right so
that's what you did yeah yeah yeah I
said nice nice nice nice nice don't you
even worry I got you
very
good um anyway what are we talking about
you're going to answer another merch
message oh yeah hit me hey D2 the ll in
terms of scalability do you see W show
growing bigger with other hosts or
production value or do you enjoy it
being just the three of you no it's um
it's I I I I I can't think of a
production at lonus Media Group that has
gotten less support for expanding from
me than the wo it's all held together
back here with rubber bands and paper
look our
set like seriously it's it's not good
it's a wall there's so many wrinkles on
this I don't even I'm not even talking
about the quality of the wall I'm just
like look at the go watch 5 Seconds of
the yard and then come back I don't know
this view looks great look at the space
we dedicate that's sick dude dude he's
got a human organ bag behind him and and
then we go to lius is oh second
wall hold on hold on what about what
about random
merch there boom nice there set blurry
mer decoration blurry merch
blch uh
I you poured too much production value
into W it would get significantly
worse yeah I feel that very strongly I
support Luke's Viewpoint because I don't
want to spend anything on when yeah but
also like dude if you if you try to make
the the like the news sections more
structured or even more planned out it's
just going to get worse y people want it
to go off the rails people like it being
fun including me speaking of off rails
you guys were noticing this last week I
have some bad news
um there's a little
line in it it's so minute um you're
probably not going to be able to see it
but basically where the plastic flows in
uh where's the gate on this piece of the
mold I think it's actually at the bottom
so sorry well the gate is where the
plastic shoots into the mold um I think
it's on this side anyway the point is
that where the plastic flows and meets
on the flat of the screwdriver there's a
little line that looks like a scratch
down the two of the three flat sides and
the only reason it doesn't show on the
one flat side is cuz that's where uh the
two halves of the mold meet so there's
all a line there there's already a seam
but it basically just looks like a
little scratch here and a little scratch
here but the problem is that the scratch
goes all the way through uh so you can
never get rid of it it's there and it
just looks like it's scratched out of
the box and that's why transparent
screwdriver is
uh um not dead but certainly not
happening anytime
soon it looks really
cool yeah I wouldn't mind the little
line but the problem is we can say that
and Wan chat can say that yeah and then
some users going to get it and see the
line r it and then we're going to say no
we had it disclaimed on the product page
and they're going to say but what about
the trust me bro guarantee and I'm going
to not want to deal with that yep so
product doesn't get released yep that's
how it
goes hey lonus miss the days of needing
a PCI card for everything cuz I could
have a cool computer with all the
gadgets
where can I get that nowaday what else
has that nerdy customization energy
framework laptop investment disclosure
old cars you can get all kinds of cool
like uh modules and stuff whether you
need them or not I don't know that's up
to you but uh you can definitely get
them what else what else has that get a
modular syn and then not be able to
afford anything ever
again d
you're supposed to use it for the work
and you're supposed to Bill people
properly for the work so that you can
afford the modular syn supposed to be a
return on investment you didn't buy
music for me you don't know how much
that
costs okay do you build those hours a
lot more than you tried to Bill
me you bought a
service okay yeah but it's it all comes
down to hours
Dan it all comes down to hours and
expertise you have to bill the the hours
appropriate for the level of expertise
and for the and for the how is this
fight still going on because still Dan
hasn't
internalized that he lost yet that he
lost yeah because you have to account
for the sporadic of the work so the
level of expertise and how feast and
famine it is you got to account for that
you got to have
smoothing in your billing you got to
smooth over the parts where it's the
famine with the feast and the cats to
protect the
granery that's why I have so many of
them this is good advice you should uh
if you do freelance listen to this no
that's true I can't tell if he's mocking
me or not I'm going to look at his face
I'm not mocking you keep the tone up and
keep talking about this subject and then
just sell
courses dude I could make so much money
selling courses infinite money dude it
doesn't no offense it doesn't look that
hard yeah could do the music for them
Colton's been trying to get me to do a
course for literal years literal years
yeah literally yeah I keep telling him
I'm like nobody should buy a course from
me everything that I am an expert on I
should give away for free so I don't
know I I give up but then he always says
no people would pay for it and I'm like
yeah but like H then it would have to be
really good I get I think that's part of
it I get like
anxiety like if it didn't have to if it
could just be like generic nonsense but
like with really high energy I could do
that so easy oh yeah but that's what
most of them are I know that but I just
I couldn't take pride in that work no
I'm not saying you should actually do it
I'm saying if you did do it you'd rake
in the cash dude you know what I would
be the best at though tone and stuff you
know you know what I would be the best
at is a
televangelist oh yeah I could crush that
that's what you were built for dud so
easy told you cult dude why won't you
listen it looks so easy dude yeah you're
you're you're basically just like a a
well WellMed
beggar and you just like you you
just man dude I went I went to church a
lot of times in my life okay do you know
how easy it is to just crack open that
book read literally like two sentences I
could toal I could 100% you don't even
have to do the work anymore you can just
pop in chat GPT just be like write a
sermon about this cuz the message is
usually only like 5 to 10 minutes dude
easy I could do it no problem I wonder I
wonder if Pastor using chat gbt oh 100%
100% probably no we we actually talked
about it on W show before oh yeah where
they're just like yeah I need like a I
need a Sunday message about like
forgiveness whatever and chat P will
just be like yeah sure this this this
and this dude crazy nice
yep um Jesus AI I'm afraid to click this
but I'm going to do it it's just shrimp
I'm clicking
it yeah get out of there not a good site
don't go there yeah get also you might
be uh you might be banned
now you're at least getting a little
[Music]
timeout there yikes don't go to that
site hey lldd thoughts on computers
going through the same fate as what gpus
did going from upgradable to unupgraded
and the backlash lunar lake is getting
on not supporting upgradeable R you
tweeted this at me I literally replied
to
you they really liked their question I'm
sorry I don't read your Twitter no no no
this no that person I know I know no
well no the then I duplicated the the
message no the answer was that we made
that video hold on well maybe they just
want everyone to maybe they they think
they have a great question they want
they want answered in front of more
people um yeah so we we made this we
made this video the one and only uh
Emily Young here okay I just posted it
in the chat um wish nothing but the best
for her by the way so yeah we made this
video build a PC while you still can
they're changing whether we like it or
not they're not going to be upgradeable
forever all right what's
next when. D with the FTC finally waking
up to the monopolies of Google Apple
meta Etc and the EU pushing for stronger
regulation how does this end just more
fines or is something bigger coming some
breakups maybe um I mean which could be
good yeah I think it could probably be a
good thing if some of these Tech Giants
were broken up Apple's a funny one
because it's a bit of a weird one though
because they don't have that many
products China's getting into the te
Tech Giant game yeah break break them up
yep so if you break up all the American
companies and make them less competitive
that's a little weird it's a little
weird um I'm not sure what to do there
yeah cuz they're already going I I I it
seems pretty clear to me at least that
they're going with
a a similar model to a lot of their
other business where they're like we're
pretty good but we do everything and
we're cheaper so there it's it's going
to be a good decision for a lot of
different companies uh um so if you if
you break the other companies apart so
they're less feature competitive and
they're also still more expensive then
yikes that gets really
rough hey lus I'm opening an
Entertainment Sports venue in October oh
good for you I'm curious what kinds of
ideas you have for your badminton grand
opening and if there's anything you
really want to do but can't ooh we're
kind of going to keep it small I think
um like we're at our at our capacity
we're designed for like 6 time 14 like
what 28 * 3 I don't know whatever that
works out to so like 85 people right so
we we don't want like 500 people there
um no matter what kind of grand opening
it is so we were kind of thinking like
like a hot dog barbecue in the parking
lot like and you can come check it out
it's only hot do rated uh
um I didn't say what kind of hot dogs
they could have hamburger meat in them
okay oh man that's pretty good sorry
that fast I'm
sorry next up yeah so I I think we're
going to do a pretty we're going to do a
pretty small thing so I don't really
it's going to get raided I don't really
have big plans yeah what about the um
that's scary well they might just have
to leave like we don't have any park
for like a whole bunch of people so it
is what it is you might need to almost
uh like security it I'd be like sorry
too many beeps because I'm worried about
the city's reaction if it gets a little
out of control well theoretically
they'll be there yeah we invited the
mayor yeah so I'm worried about the
city's reaction if it gets out of
control I I'm honestly not that worried
about it okay yeah don't show up if
you're not going to like play badon yeah
it's for it's for badminton that's it
yeah hello when.
d.x
doping so many extra letters when Lina
says something the community eventually
comes around to his point of view how
much of that is just him bringing
attention to something nobody else has
noticed
100% both the warranty thing and the
block piracy thing we 100% just
like this is I don't shoot the messenger
the way that you packaged true the
warranty thing yeah I'm not denying it I
did a bad job there's always you know
you taught me about Optics the Optics on
that were real bad yeah I did a bad job
yeah what are you going to do about it
nothing buy something from LTD store.com
trying to buy the screwdriver or the pen
yeah look the thing is like I'm live
here
driver guys I'm I'm
live yeah the warranty one was
persistent across a couple events yeah
but I was live every time that's
probably fair enough and I'm not perfect
and sometimes I'm sometimes I I I I'm in
my own narrow Viewpoint with the context
that I have that other people don't
necessarily have and that I can't expect
them to have but that's pretty obvious
to me like I I I get it you've been
making content for a long time there's a
a ridiculous amount of hours of your
face on video sometimes things are going
to be wrong yeah yeah I mean my favorite
is I think my personal favorite is the
time we did a wow topic where a guy
bought a house with Bitcoin and we were
like yeah but it'll never be used for
anything
real cuz it it didn't seem like it would
the trans I mean even now the
transaction costs are so high that it's
like woefully impractical
but I me people use it for Stuff one day
I'll find mine nice oh no 2009 Bitcoins
or dollars or the year when I started
oof
350 Bitcoins somewhere somewhere in the
world on a hard
drive no way dude I started right at the
beginning no way dude keeps me up at
night sometimes 350 coins yeah something
like that I mean they were they were
like just coins back then you could just
you know the there there was hundreds in
a in a
block yikes this is a random
number it's
somewhere somewhere you have no idea
where
no how do you have no idea where it's
2009 so what I know where drives that I
had in 2009 are I have checked all me
weird I mean they got written over oh so
it's probably I have gone through all of
them with
like FBI grade recovery tools looking
for blocks and things like that they're
somewhere somewhere bummer one
day they're probably on nice
hash I should check probably uh probably
not though couple more hey dlll Luke any
advice on how to handle work when your
natural workflow involves spikes of
productivity but management starts to
expect consistent levels of productivity
equal to your spikes that's pretty
tough um I
uh I don't have any good advice for that
I think I do do your best be open and
honest um that's all you can really do
start a communication with your manager
about overall resulting productivity not
the productivity of every minute um and
try to find Grudge tasks like tasks that
you know I don't know maybe your job is
to do oh yeah good distraction tasks are
good yeah like when you're distracted
anyway yeah so like things that you can
kind of just get through like maybe it's
email maybe it's something else where
like you know this is an annoying task
anyways and you know maybe you can be
your your mind is kind of somewhere else
but you'll you'll feel yourself kind of
click back in and then you can get back
to the main thing you're trying to work
on like try to do something thing um
even if it's not amazing um but but yeah
try to try to show your your overall
productivity over the course of a week
or a month or whatever you want to use
for your time frame um and show that
you're still doing well and just explain
you know my brain works a little
different something like
that this is the second message like
this during this Wan
show go ahead Dan are you sure I mean I
guess the second one it's the second one
you didn't see the one in float plane
chat
no I
didn't uh the only baby name my wife and
I could somewhat agree on is for our
second baby is lonus I promise it wasn't
my idea does lonus give his
Blessing so just think about this it's
slang for
penis just seems like a pretty good name
to me throwing that out there if that's
the case just line them up for Success
someone it's literally in like Oceans 11
or something like Matt Damon refers to a
penis as his lonus or something like
that like it's this is actually a thing
in an actual no no it is absolutely a
thing I'm tired of arguing with you
Crystal um ly I thank you for that
that's great yeah so
um just consider that it 100% is a
thing and uh in response to the person
in float plane chat earlier who said uh
um you know I'm going to say that my kid
is named after the Charlie Brown
character can I at least give you guys
an alternative
okay go with this
guy way more important than me okay if
you must if you must name your child uh
lius
okay two Nobel prizes let's go okay
there you go 1,200 papers and books uh
new scientist called them one of the 20
great scientists of all
time this is apparently my name sake so
let's all let's all just remember who
the original lonus is actually I think
it's a Biblical name hold
on uh not an important
character pop line oh yeah there's pop
Lines no no it goes further back than
that uh I looked it up and found a
Reddit thread from 11 years
ago about this
um and hilariously enough people are
talking about you in
it you you seem to
be Urban Dictionary also says
it what is
this where is what billionaire there it
is slang for the penis yeah there you go
Charlie Brown is slang for the balls it
is not if Charlie Brown was slang for
anything it'd be a little further back
than the balls yeah really but yeah I
found this Reddit thread
yeah they thought it was lioness yeah
I've gotten that a number of times but
then it there's people talking about you
because apparently you linked This
Thread I
did oh per lus Sebastian of lus Media
Group from three years ago and then it's
kind of weird that lonus linked to this
thread and then apparently some tweet
dude it's definitely a
thing Oceans 11 I feel like it's a but
it's a thing for like four people no
it's it's in a
movie I haven't seen anyone refer to the
Oceans 11 thing it's a
thing ah hold
on
man if if it turns out that you're wrong
will you be
disappointed if it turns out I'm wrong
no it's a thing do you want your name to
be penis no nobody no Peter doesn't dick
doesn't none of them want it I it might
not be that bad unless they do hey how
do you get dick from Richard yes yeah
ask him
nicely it's an old one I'm sorry yeah
I'm not finding anything about this
maybe Oceans 12 it's in one of them they
definitely they definitely say that it's
definitely a
thing we need we need we need the flow
plane chat to research this and come
back to us next week Arrested
Development was it Arrested Development
that Reddit thread that apparently you
linked to was a rested development
Reddit
thread Buster referred
to his his dong that way it's definitely
a thing I trust me it's a
thing
um I searched for lonus penis and now I
am on the LT only
fans I thought we Clos that down I think
it is yeah we did but I think you can
still maybe find an archive of it
anyway speaking of things on
Reddit Apple's AI notification summaries
McDonald's coffee ruined Mercedes
abandoned slitter Bond light's
dead I'm sorry yeah that sucks that's
rough I didn't pre-recorded pre-recorded
Lano The Conspiracy Theory just have so
much ammo now oh no it's been a rough
day I mean you had a bad week mine is
much
worse I mean or better you don't have to
come to work on
Tuesday
[Laughter]
nice it's all coming up so sincere that
that nice was so sincere and it's nice
that this is the end of the show we'll
see you guys again next week same bad
time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye oh apparently buw wasn't an
accident oh dude you got a new car
accident he's okay all right well there
you go good now we know ni I'm glad to
hear that that he's good yeah no not
that ah don't be a dick he you might
have been don't be a Lon of